I would try to address the feedback with my boss and HR. I need to know why my performance is not accurately represented during this evaluation process. I would not accept some negative feedback that are not warranted.
I would first ask for some explanation as to why I got this negative feedback. If it is based on a fair amount of "evidence", I would let it go. Otherwise, I would ask for a meeting to sit down and discuss how I could improve for the future.
I would feel bad about the situation and disheartened, but I would see what the feedback entailed before I made a drastic change. I would if the feedback was bad and was an excuse to make me lose my standing and for me not to be working there, I would just take the feedback and quit at the end of the same day. I would also flush it and not try to remember my boss and what experiences I had had with them as well, save for the work skills I had learned.
I would talk to my manager about the feedback and ask him why he gave me such negative reviews. I would try to sort out things with my manager if he had any issues with me. I would request him to give me a new review so that I could get my annual bonus.
I would write down a list of reasons why I feel the feedback isn't just. I would go over them in my head and probably do a google search of what to say to your boss when you disagree with performance reviews. I would ask my boss into a meeting and lay it all out and explain why they're mistaken.
I would express my views to my manager and be sure to submit them in writing as well.  If it was something I could prove did not occur, I would document the facts.  If my manager was not willing to change the feedback and it would affect my bonus, I would contact HR and discuss.
I would feel upset regarding the situation. I would find a way to provide the negative feedback wrong. In most cases, we have access to performance data that might be able to counteract what the manager is saying. If that didn't work, I would request a meeting with my manager and their manager.
I would feel frustrated and upset. I would wait a few days before approaching my manager again and trying to bring up the topic. I don't know if they are right or wrong, but I would at least sort of try to get them to change their mind.
I would discuss the feedback further with my manager.  I would try to show how the feedback was not accurate and demonstrate it.  I would try to find out why my manager believed this to be true.
I would ask to have a meeting with them and tell them my reasons for disagreeing.  I would feel pretty lousy especially if its going to affect my bank account.  If HR needs to be involved I could ask to have them sit in on my meeting, but hopefully it won't come to that.
I would confront my manager and ask why they gave me negative feedback and what I could do to change it. I would try and negotiate with them and let them know what was at stake if they went ahead gave the negative review. As well,  I would go to my big boss and let them know what is going on and see if they could provide suggestions.
I would feel frustrated and anxious in this situation. I would take some time to reflect on the feedback given and request an additional meeting with my manager. I would want an opportunity to compose a response to diplomatically disagree with the feedback and provide evidence refuting its validity.  I would want to discuss ways I could improve moving forward to better meet my manager's expectations.
i feel sad about it and than atleast tell the fact aboout the situation to the manager. because it is not bareable for me to get negative feedback.
I would talk to my manager about the negative feedback. I would try to learn from their critique to show that I really do care about their opinion and show that I am trying to better my performance. I feel like this approach would help my chances in not losing the bonus as well as learn from my mistakes.
I would speak to a director about it. Only if it’s absolutely true. If not i would suck it up.
I would speak to my manager and asked why I got the negative feedback.  I would then asked how I could correct it.  And possibly ask for a 30 day correction period.  At the end of that I would ask for another evaluation.
I would be upset if I received negative feedback that I don't agree with. I would set up a meeting with my manager and discuss my concerns. Then I would try to change my ways and make a good impression on the manager.
I would approach it very diplomatically. I would start compliment sandwich style. I would thank the manager for their honest feedback and their time. I would then find and deliver quantifiable reasons why the feedback is not true. I would make my case, but then ask for a candid discussion with the manager. Just because I do not perceive the feedback to be true doesn't mean it's not, or that it isn't helpful. I am being offered a perspective other than my own, and I would want to be more curious than defensive.
I would take some time to calm myself. After i would speak with my boss and explain why I disagree as well as gather the reason in gwtting negative feedback. I would explain my successes and make commitments as necessary to attempt chaning feedback to save bonus
I feel sad and disappointed. I am also somewhat fearful for my future. However, I would accept this feedback and try to improve.
I would request a meeting with my manager. I will then request for him to explain to me why he feels this way so that I can understand better and act towards it. Then I will request he let me express why I feel that he's wrong and request information on how to better present myself for the future.
I would ask to schedule a meeting with my boss. I would plead my case and get him to see that I'm right. I feel nervous but ultimately would have to do it.
I would probably first try to find out the cause of the negative feedback. Even if the feedback isn't true, there should still be a reason why it exists. Depending on the nature and severity of the root cause, I may work with the manager (or other parties) in resolving those issues.
I would ask my boss for examples that show why he is giving me that negative feedback. I would also ask him for advice as to what I can do to improve my work output. Even though I would do that I would still feel upset and incompetent in the future at work and would always be questioning if I'm doing something right.
I would consider talking to my manager privately but it would depend on what kind of relationship I had with the manager. I would assume he would not want to publicly admit his mistake. I would question whether I might be wrong about his feedback. I would maybe reconsider keeping such a high pressure job.
I would try and get a second look at the data nd try to get an improved evaluation, but if the eval did not improve I would just grin and bear it.  Unfortunately if you are in a job where there is arbitrary idea related items in your evaluation...you are sometimes going to get burned.  So, you have to learn to live with this or get a job that has a quantifiable outcome based evaluation system.
I would compile written information in order to refute the feedback. I would collect recent successes and evaluation data relevant to my work to show the many positive impacts that I have had. I would professionally send the document to my manager and request a follow up meeting to discuss and reassess their feedback.
I would go to the manager and ask him to explain exactly why I got the feedback that I did. If the explanation is still not satisfactory, I would start searching for other job opportunities. It would be clear by then that future advancement for me will be limited if not completely closed off to me.
I would try to take the feedback and use the parts that I felt would be beneficial.  I would then make it a point to emphasize to my manager the portions of the feedback that I took and implemented.
I would go to my manager and ask to sit down and discuss the negative feedback.  I would be very curious about why I received it.  I would also ask about the consequences to be absolutely certain.
I would feel bad and angry. I would talk to my manager. I would talk to upper management if I could. I would consider looking for another job.
I would schedule some time to come back and discuss it in more detail with my manager.  I would pull together my thoughts on what their feedback was.  I would then prepare my response and be ready to advocate for what I deserved to get a bonus.
If I truly don't believe it to be true I would feel pretty upset about it. I would wait for a good time or set up a meeting and confront them about it to come to some kind of understanding. I would do this because it doesn't seem too confrontational and it might get the dispute settled.
I would feel upset about this. If it's something I truly didn't believe in I would address it with my direct manager. If that lead no where I would bring it up to their manager to discuss the reasoning and show how my work didn't represent the negative feedback.
I would ask my manager how I can correct this action. I would be honest and say I didn't think that I was in the wrong. I handle conflict immediately .
I would make an appointment to meet with the manager to further discuss my feedback at work. This would provide us a time to talk about the reasons behind the feedback and ensure that the feedback is fair. I think this will prevent any misunderstandings and dramas.
I would feel pretty bad about the situation. I may try to schedule a follow-up meeting with my manager in order to explain my case. Furthermore, I may gather information with regards to my work accomplishments in order to help my case. If my manager was unmoving, I may begin to look for other opportunities (depending on the relationship).
I would ask for a meeting with the next person above the manager.  I would ask for a one on one meeting for greater clarification to see if the next in line feels the same way as the manager.  If they do not agree with the manager I would ask for a meeting with all 3 to clarify what is really going on and the motive for the review
I would talk to my manager to see what they based themselves on my evaluation. This situation would make me feel disappointed not knowing where  I went wrong. I would try to prove them wrong and show them the great job I've been doing.
i am not happy about the situation. i would bring this up with my manager, stating what i feel is correct and what is incorrect. in this way i would not lose any bonuses and such. it also would help protect my job.
I would challenge my manager; plain and simple. I would make sure he understood my disagreement with the assessment and validate my disagreement with facts/numbers/statistics that substantiate the actual outcome and not the negative feedback.  I would certainly not let the negative feedback stand if my reputation or financial compensation is at stake.
I would feel not comfortable at all with the situation. I would maybe go above my manager's rank and talk to someone. I would be sure to gather all the evidence and proof needed to make my point.
I would tell my boss that he is incorrect, and show him the ways that he is incorrect. And if he proceeded to take away my bonus, I would steal things from the office daily until I felt that I got what I deserved.
I would be very upset. If that wasn't my only manager, I would want to talk to another manager and see if they felt the same way. If that was the only manager I would try and explain how I think they are not true, as nice and calmly as I could. I would hope I would be able to resolve the situation or if nothing else at least understand why my manager came to the conclusion that they did.
I would approach my manager and tell them that I would like to discuss some of the feedback I was given. I would want to make sure there was a good reason for my negative feedback. I would regret it if I didn't ask my manager about it and suffered negative consequences.
I would let it go this one time. Although I might lose my annual bonus, I don't think that starting a feud with my immediate superior will be beneficial in the long run. I would try to accept the feedback, and adapt my work practices in accordance. If the unwarranted negative feedback continues, I would discuss it with my boss.
I would ask for specific examples about the feedback. If the feedback seems legitimate, I would tell my boss that I will do whatever I can to improve. I would most definitely feel bad and a bit depressed about the feedback but motivated to do better.
I would bring the situation up with a higher-up. I don't think that the review is a fair assessment.  I would fight to have the feedback looked at by someone else.
I would be pretty angry about it. I would go talk to my manager about it. I might just ask them to explain why they said what they did first before presenting my thoughts about it.  Maybe the would realize on their own that they were too harsh.  If not, I would give my evidence to refute each point.  I think I would l only bring up how I don't want to lose my bonus as a last resort.
I would gather as much information as i could supporting my point of view.  I wouldn't bring any of this information to light unless i had to defend my position.  This way i could be prepared should it carry any consequences but still keep relationships intact
I would request a follow-up meeting with my manager.  I would respectfully challenge all of the items I didn't agree with in writing and present them to my manager.  I would keep an open mind, but would not want false information on my work record and certainly would not want to lose a well-deserved bonus.
I would ask for evidence in why I got such bad feedback from him. I then would request a meeting with his boss to give my explanation and let him know that I felt that the feedback was wrong. I then would hope that this would allow me to keep my bonus.
I would try to get any solid proof that it wasn't true. If some kind of actual consequence happened hopefully the evidence I have would help me. I wouldn't press it though.
I would bring it to the CEO's attention that I feel I was not advised correctly. If I feel I got wrong punishment, I do not want to take the fall for something that could possibly either get me terminated or make me lose money. I always want to be fair and I want to be treated fairly as well.
I would be very distressed.  I would try to resolve this situation.  Get "proof" to prove otherwise.
I would feel devastated.  I would ask my manager if I could talk to him/her about the recent feedback.  I'd tell him/her that I don't agree with it and why.
I would feel angry and upset. Since it effects my job, I would ask to have a meeting to discuss the feedback. I would explain my case, but also really listen to his explanation. Maybe I am being defensive and there is some truth to the feedback.
I would try and approach my boss to discuss the situation. Maybe there is something we can resolve to amend it. If not, I have to accept responsibility for my actions and try to do better in the future. This would motivate me to be more thurough in the future.
I would address the feedback from the stance of hard evidence, rather than my beliefs. Ask if they can prove my actions/inactions. I would follow up with my plus-2 should I feel this meeting did not go well to make sure the issue was addressed.
I would request a meeting between me and my manager.  In that meeting, I would express my disagreement and ask for my manager to indicate why he/she is giving this negative feedback.  I would try to stay calm, or as calm as possible, throughout the meeting and discuss the matter in a professional and dignified way.
I would try to talk to my manager about this feedback. If he isn't willing to change it I will file a complaint with the higher ups. If that is not possible I would find a way to make his life more miserable in the future.
I would be very upset. I would address this negative feedback with my manager. If the manager was unwilling to change his/her mind I would go up the chain to the next level supervisor.
if it carries a consequence of my losing money, I would try t appeal the feedback.  I would defiantly contact a superior above my boss.
I would take some time to reflect on the feedback, alone. Then, I would talk to some of my colleagues at work. I would want to solicit their honest opinions about how accurate they think the feedback is. Then, because money and bonuses mean a lot to me, I would talk to my boss again, if I thought his negative feedback rang hollow.
I would bring the feedback to my manager and ask them to explain further what I did wrong and how I can improve in the future. I would also try to see if I could find a way around it and possibly have the feedback reversed. Or I would see if it could be reversed pending good behavior and no negative feedback in the future.
This would make me really nervous. I would ask to speak to my manager directly about why exactly the feedback was given, and to share my side of the story. I would explain my concerns about the consequences and ask how to improve so as to keep my bonus.
I would feel very upset. I would think it is extremely unfair. I would probably complain to someone that was above my manager and show them my good track record at work. I would ask my manager why they gave me negative feedback and see if there was anything i can do to change it.
I would ask a few people what they would do if they were me. Then I would think about their advice and weigh it against my own preconceived plan to go to HR and explain everything that happened. I guess the best thing to do would be to look for proof. I'd feel very exasperated that's for sure.
I would feel angry, upset and afraid. I would think about this situation before I reacted to the negative feedback. I would try and talk to the manager the next day and have him/her show me just exactly what he/she is basing the negative feedback on.
I would be very upset and anxious. I would also be frustrated that I was being given bad feedback that was inaccurate. I would definitely speak to my manager about the matter, and if it couldn't be resolved, I would likely speak to my manager's superior.
I would feel really mad and frustrated. I would go to the manager right away and stand up for myself. If he does not listen I would go the district manager and I will make sure I get my message accross
I'd approach my boss and tell him why I did what I did and why I think his negative feedback is wrong. If it leads to me losing a bonus or something I'd take it up with HR. I'd do everything I can respectfully to make sure there are no negative consequences.
I would find out the formal process of disputing the feedback and do so. I would see this as someone getting in the way of my livelihood for personal reasons and do everything I can do eliminate the problem. I would go through the formal process rather than talking to the manager directly because the latter action could be spun in many ways and could result in an argument that only makes things worse. The only thing I would feel is irritation.
I would ask my manager why the feedback was given and why I think my way is correct, to work out a great plan to succeed. I would make sure that regardless of what my manager originally told me, that the work is done to the best of its ability without taking costly shortcuts. If my manager weren't allowing me to discuss this with him, I'd certainly consider finding another job.
I would feel very upset and frustrated. I would speak to someone in Human Resources about the reasons I felt the evaluation was unfair. I would want an impartial third party to hear both of our sides.
I would present my side of the story according to the feedback.  I would also present evidence of the strides that I have made for the company.  Researching additional training opportunities related to the negative feedback and presenting them to my manager may be helpful as well.
I would immediately schedule a meeting with my manager to talk about this negative feedback. I would try to have a calm, logical conversation with the manager, highlighting why this feedback shouldn't impact me. Ultimately, I know my work better than anyone else, and if need be, I would take it to a higher-up or HR. Losing a bonus for no real reason will not abide.
I would smile sweetly and then research everything about this manager. I would find a way to get back at him, either professionally or personally. Nobody hurts me and gets away with it, not ever again.
I would discuss the feedback further with my boss. I would ask why i was given that evaluation. I would also ask how i can improve going forward.
I would hunker down and try to give the boss what he or she wants. I would also be thankful that what my boss defines as negative feedback, isnt my definition of negative feedback. I generally administer some corporal punishment as a part of my negative feedback to subordinates.
I would do some research to make sure there were no real facts to what my manager thought.  If everything checked out the way I thought it would, I would ask for a meeting with my manager.  I would in a very professional manner discuss the negative feedback with my manager and present the facts as I knew them. That action should convince the manager that he had received some bad information.
I would be very upset, but he is the manager.  I would tell him that I will work harder and do my very best to correct this issue.  I would tell him that I enjoy working for him and for the company and I do not want to hurt the company in any way.   I would apology for anything I did that was not the best work.
I would feel terrible. I would then ask what I need to do specifically to improve my working performance.  Also, I would make sure I express how determine I am to change and improve for the better, so my manager would see that that I truly care about my job.
I would ask my manager to give me more details about what he said and narrow it down to specifics. I would see if maybe he could suggest something to improve upon what he told me. I would think in long term plans rather than just the annual bonus.
I would feel quite upset by the situation. I would first sit down and think about the feedback and then start writing all of my thoughts on a piece of paper. Once I had calmed down, I would go to my manager and explain why I did not agree with the feedback. I would offer solid, concrete reasoning for why I felt the feedback was false and would hope that my manager would listen in hopes they would offer helpful pointers and possibly change the way they viewed my work.
I would refuse to sign the report and find out why i received such bad grades from my manager and if that did not work i would go above his head to find out the low marks
I would be very unhappy with the feedback, and maybe a little angry. I would ask my manager for the rationale behind the feedback I received, and I would let them know that I do not agree with them and the reasons why.
I would accept the feedback and try to work on things that my manager mentioned. Although I disagree with the feedback, I would still try to improve on what was said. I would not become argumentative about it.
I would feel upset and angry, with a possibility of anxiety and frustration. I would want to quit, but I likely would not actually follow through. I would be tempted to be defensive and feel compelled to explain why the feedback was wrong to me, but I would attempt to evaluate whether that would yield any positive results before proceeding.
I would be upset, but I would try to think about in an objective way. Are the comments well founded or arre they off base? If there is something that the manager wasn't ware of in making the negative feedback, I would respectfully try to inform them. If it was true, I'd thank them for the criticism & tell them that I will learn from it & improve.
I would be upset and angry, and I would speak with my manager about it. However, I would wait until I had calmed down first. I would think about what I would say to my manager ahead of time so that I wouldn't say something in the meeting with him/her that I'd regret. I'd remain calm and present my manager with rational, reasonable reasons why I disagree with their assessment of me and I would respectfully request that they change their feedback.
I feel a bit shorted about this situation and I wouldn't want to blow up. So I would ask to set up a meeting in the near future with my manager to discuss the intricacies of his feedback. I would like to really suss out whether the feedback is valid.
I would explain to him why I disagreed. I would probably ask for his suggestions in improving my performance. If possible I would get him to commit to his suggestions in an email or official document so that he can't go back on them if I have to go over his head.
I would gather physical proof that the feedback that was given to me was false and present that to the manager
I would do my best to discuss and present with evidence and reason that it is untrue. I would do my best to keep doing the good work I do and prove him wrong. I would go above and beyond what is asked of me and stay late.
I would email my boss and ask to have have a one on one meeting. I'd like for him/her to elaborate about the decision made to this negative feedback. Also, I would try to learn from it if there's no way to remove it
I would express to my manager that I don't understand the feedback that was given to me, and ask for further explanation.  If it is tied to something that I have personally done, or not done, then I will assess whether it should be challenged further, or if it is reasonable.  Depending on the organization I would either contact HR or contact the next level supervisor with my complaint if I did not agree after receiving further explanation.
I would set up another meeting with the manager to discuss my concerns and disagreement with the feedback. However, I would be sure to not to verbally attack the manager, but instead provide evidence of previous work or feedback from clients/colleagues that argues against the negative feedback. If my manager brings up valid points, I will be open to his/her suggestions and feedback. Then, I would make a game plan with him/her to improve my performance in the future to demonstrate my proactive attitude and willingness to improve.
I would try to schedule a meeting with him to express my disagreement with his analysis. A scheduled meeting comes off as less confrontational in my mind and hopefully the boss sees it that way too, and we can figure out what went wrong in a relaxed setting. I would be sure not to attack him personally, but rather highlight where I think I did things correctly.
I would most likely keep my mouth shut. I say this because the bonus would be very valuable to me. This is because I could use the bonus to by christmas presents and afford to go on vacation.
I would wait a day or two and then reread the evaluation.  If I still disagreed with it, I would write out a response, explaining my rationale.  Before I gave it to my manager, I would first ask if s/he would be willing to read it or to discuss my evaluation further.  I would be sure I got very specific feedback, so that it wouldn't happen again.
I would be angry with it and work harder. This has happened to me before in a mid year review where my bonus was going to be 0-15K if I din't get on the NOK trades. I simply threatened some people in the pit and ended up getting a nice year end bonus.
I would take some time to consider the reasons behind the review. After taking that time, I would have a conversation with my boss and explain why I disagreed with the feedback. I would be uncomfortable in this role, but it would be necessary.
I might take a quick poll of my coworkers and ask for their feedback. I might research my year and make a list of what I;ve accomplished. I f I thought it was incorrect or wrong, I might ask for a meeting with my boss.
I would look at what evidence I can find to rebut the feedback. I would contact people I worked with to see if they have suggestions. Has anyone ever had a problem with this manager before.
I would feel concerned about where this feedback is coming from.  I would analyze the feedback given to me.  If needed I would discuss this with my peers to find any truth to the feedback.  I would gather my thoughts on paper and then re approach my manager with my details and discuss further the feedback to try and change his view point.
I would listen to what is said and take it in. Perhaps there was a mixup. It's not worth getting heated right away. If it really was untrue, I would contact HR.
I would be very upset with this , and would promptly bring this up to the boss questioning why they felt that way as I didn't see it that way.  Then, if they still refused to change it, I would contest it and reach over their heads to upper management. Finally, if nothing changed I would just work harder and be extra ontop of things in the future so there would be no more negative feedback.
I would be super upset.  I would  email my manager with ways that his/her feedback is wrong and ask for a response. I would also explain I would like the bonus so maybe we could compromise on meeting in the middle.
I would ask my manager if they could give me specific examples on where to improve and what to do better. While I may not agree or believe that it is true, I know the power they have over my job. Sometimes you just need to grin and bear it in these kinds of circumstances.
I would first clarify what the manager was telling me by asking how my performance is being measured.  Then I would request follow-up feedback and ask for suggestions to improve any areas where my performance is lacking.  Even if I did not agree with the criticism, I would still try to implement this new data into my work and make the necessary changes.  After some time, I would ask for additional feedback to see if the improvements I was trying to make had been successful in correcting any problems.
I would try to understand where the negative feedback originated.  I would be disappointed but I would try to learn why.  If possible I would try to correct the problem. I would hope the feedback would be clear so I could see the solution.
I would confront my manager and take her aside and talk to her in a calm, professional manner. I am someone that likes to stand up for myself because I know what I bring to the table. If I am wrong, I take it and if not, I feel it is wrong, I speak from the heart. That's just the way I am. I can only do my part and then I will see what the other party claims and if we can meet in the middle somehow. Communication is very, very important! Plus if I knew something would carry real consequences I wouldn't have done it, I am a very moral, caring and cautious person and this includes work. So I would definitely give a feedback about my manager's feedback of me and I have many questions to clear it up and see if I truly deserve it or not!
I would fee really bad and seek to learn from others of the feedback is true or not. If the feedback is true I would see to learn how to improve and correct the problems. If the feed back is false I seek to correct the false feed back from the manager.
I would feel really bad and dejected if I received that kind of feedback.  If I truly didn't believe it was true I would gather evidence at my desk to present to my manager.  I would show him/her that I have met requirements and here is the proof that way they can't just gloss over my work and say it's insufficient.
I would feel difficulty and confusion towards my job. I would first evaluate mynperformance more harshly to see if I missed how I performed. Next i would go back to my supervisor and ask specifically what i dont agree with. I need to understand what they are trying to say and see if it is actually true. If not, I need to find out why there as well.
I would feel upset by this. I would go to my boss and explain this situation. I will tell him how I feel. I will provide examples of my good work. I will tell him ,that I disagree.
I would talk to my boss about the situation. I would explain my side of the story & see if I can change his mind. If it didn't work, I would go over his head.
I would have it out with the manager . I would  want an explanation . If nothing is said nothing is going to get better . If i am valued this lowly by this manager   and the situation doesnt change I would take my talents elsewhere .
I would spend some time reflecting on the feedback to see if there is any validity to it.  If I still felt that it was unfair, I would discuss my concerns with my manager.  If the manager refused to see things from my perspective, I may take it up with someone over the manager.
I would try, guardedly, to argue my own case in this situation.  If my boss offered specifics, I would try to offer some evidence to show that perhaps (s)he was being too negative with the feedback.  Perhaps the boss thought I wasn't contributing enough to a team project, but I had a lot of notes showing my work along the way.  I might also try to show how extenuating circumstances might have caused a poor performance despite my best efforts.  In sum, I would try to rebut this negative feedback, but only in a respectful, truthful, and evidence-based way.
I would ask for a meeting to clarify the situation. I would calmly present my case and explain my side of things. If I still felt I was being unjustly accused of something I think I would try to take it to higher management and also start looking for a new job.
I would be extremely upset about it. I would probably be very mad at him and hate him. I would talk to him about what I could do to make it better. I would take strides to make it better so it doesn't happen again.
I would feel that the manager doesn't really know my work.  I would ask for a meeting with the manager to try to change the evaluation.  I would also ask around and see if anyone has been saying negative things behind my back.  I would ask what specific incidents occasioned the negative feedback so I could register an appeal.
I would ask for a meeting with the supervisor to discuss the situation further.  I'd ask for examples in which I'd engaged in the poor behavior.  I'd provide my side of the story.
I would approach my manager in private to try to discuss the feedback. I would ask him to explain his stance again and the grounds he has to make such an assumption. After his arguments, I would present my own arguments explaining what I have done for the company, my strengths and how I have gone the extra mile to meet the needs of our business. I would ask him to kindly reconsider the feedback and tell him that if it is not apparent I will be sure to step up and make a difference if he changes the feedback he has left. I would also ask other colleagues to back me up if I feel comfortable enough with my manager so we could have an outside, third person's perspective that is not as biased.
I wouy be very upset. The fact that it may affect my bonus is especially upsetting. I would go to hr or my bosses boss.
I would feel a bit uncomfortable with the topic and the confrontation. That being said, I would still try to explain my reasoning and my opinion. I would do this in a genuine manner so we could have a valid discussion.
I would politely ask my manager to point out specific instances in which I performed in the manner described.  If he/she is able to recall specific circumstances, I would ask him/her to reconsider his/her feedback, as the behavior is likely not characteristic of me.  If I thought that the feedback was truly unfair and threatened my financial wellbeing, I would speak to his/her supervisor and get it resolved.
I would feel very bad. I would ask manager nicely to clarify and explain what really happened on my view and what the best solution at that time. I would tell my manager that my decision based on company's benefits and if I did not decide that, it would have negative consequences for our company later. I would ask my manager what the best solution my manager would think of and I would say that I will keep it in my mind. I would say that I will do better next time as I have learnt this experiences.
I would ask my boss for a meeting. I would ask my boss what I could do to turn the situation around. I would then focus on implementing those changes.
I would feel very upset and wronged, and it'd make me lose some respect for my manager. I'd approach my manager and ask if there was a time we could speak privately about the feedback. I would try to calmly explain my perspective as to why I believed the feedback to be untrue, making sure to be respectful. Then I'd just have to hope he saw where I was coming from and we came to some kind of understanding.
I would make an appointment to speak with my manager in private.  I would wait a few days to do so, because I'd probably be upset and want some time to cool down.  I'd make a list of talking points that I could use to defend myself so I'm prepared.
I would just take it and go along with it. It would only hurt me further if I were to question my manager. I would strive to work on the areas that the manager suggested. I would try and get on their good side.
I would feel really personally attacked. I would ask my other management team for feedback, or possibly upper levels of administration. I would also schedule time with my manager to discuss how they hope I address the feedback.
I would be very angry.  I would discuss this situation further with my manager to try to find out why I was given this feedback and try to explain to them why I feel it's untrue.  If that doesn't work, I would make a log and go to the Human Resources department.
I would think it sucks.  If I haven't already done so, I would ask for the details and see if I have any rebuttal emails (or similar).  If I don't, I would eat it - and work twice as hard on the next assignment.
I would feel In have been unfairly treated and I will definitively inform my Manager that I have been treated by him unfairly and ask him to reverse his decision based upon fact which I will present to him/her. In case he refuses to handle my feedback professionally I will lodge my grievance with HR of this unfair treatment.
I would feel upset at this situation. I would schedule time to sit down one on one with my supervisor to express my concern and try to clarify what they are thinking. I would look for ways to improve to offset any consequence.
I would initially feel a bit negative. I would then try to see why the manager would feel such a way from his perspective. If I still have trouble understanding his reasoning, I would ask for his time to talk to him and communicate my confusion, clarify my shortcomings, thank him for his advice, and try to do better going forward. If the feedback is negative just cause he felt like it, there isn't much I can do.
The situation would make me very uncomfortable. I would try and talk to my manager if they were the type to not take everything as a threat. If they had a boss possibly contact them as an alternative.
I would take the concerns my manager gave me seriously, despite not agreeing with it. I would also ask my manager what they would prefer I do with their knowledge of what they said. I would take precautions to watch myself more closely at work.
I would likely try to counteract the feedback if I had enough concrete evidence to back up my claims. If not? I honestly don't know. I would probably still try to prove him wrong but I wouldn't hope for much.
I would just ignore the situation.  I've fought bad reviews before and got nowhere but fired.  I would hope to outlast my supervisor because I feel I have no recourse.
I would discuss the feedback and ask to have a follow up. If it is not true, then I would look for proof and/or backup in my work, emails, etc. to prove my side of the story. I would want to have the follow up and confirm what, if any, consequences there would be.
I would feel hurt and frustrated about this situation.  If I felt that I could resolve this with my manager, then I would express my opinions to my manager.  If I did not feel that I could resolve this with my manger, then I would contact a higher level manager or human resources.
I would feel really frustrated and down on myself because I am confident about my work and I don't understand why I am getting this kind of feedback. Losing my bonus would be a big blow but I need to know what is behind the feedback. Are they seeing something I'm not? Is this just workplace discrimination? I would confront my manager and ask for a breakdown of their thoughts on the subject.
I would feel badly about this situation. I would ask him to document the specifics in an email. The email would provide proof of the negative feedback and why it may be incorrect.
I would ask what were the exact issues that are involved.  I would try to counteract what I feel was inncorrect, take the advice, ask how I can do better and show it in my behavior, and attitude.
I would be upset. I would contact my manager and arrange a meeting to discuss the reasons I believe that the feedback was inaccurate. I would compile a list of all the positive things I did for the organization and have it read when I met with the manager.
i would talk it over with a few colleagues and ask their opinion. if i have several people agreeing with me i would then schedule a conversation with my boss and try to get him to see my side but ultimately he is the boss and i will go with the flow
I would probably quit before I am fired. I don't wont a mark on my record. So I would rather leave. I don't need the negativity.
I would first take time to digest the information. Perhaps my manager was correct, but I need time to concentrate and do some self-reflection. Most importantly, after the period of self-reflection you could discuss with the manager the feedback and present yourself in a positive light as someone who can digest the feedback and adjust your behaviors to be a better employee going forward.
I would immediately speak to my manager about the situation and try to iron things out. Hopefully, this will go well and show that I care about their feedback and will continue to work better. If they don't agree, I suppose I would have to swallow my pride and lose my annual bonus. If they were being unfair, I would go to HR as soon as possible to explain the situation. If all else goes south, I will leave the company.
I would confront him about it cautiously. I'd voice my opinion on how i view my own performance. and suggest that i be reevaluated or at least try to get the bonus back
I would take a look at the feedback and feel really frustrated. I know this because I have had bad feedback before and I didn't like it because I try really hard. I would take it seriously however and do what I can to improve on my work.
I would go to HR and file a complaint. If I believe that the negative feed back is not fair, I would not tolerate it. I am not a slave and I deserve fair treatment.
I would see if I could talk to anyone else regarding this feedback. I would see if there was someone higher up or a colleague who could vouch for the feedback being untrue. I would also see if I could speak to the manager and see why the feedback was given.
I would feel absolutely terribly about this situation.  I would try to have a sit down with my manager and see why I got the negative feedback.  I would see if there was anything I could do to change the feedback, see if there was anything I could work on to make it better.
First, I would reflect on the situation to see if there's any truth to the feedback. I would then gather any evidence I had to dispute the feedback, such as metrics and positive emails from colleagues, and ask to meet with my supervisor. I'd lay out my case for why the feedback may be untrue and suggest ways I can improve in that area as well.
I would try to convince my manager that he is wrong. I would feel angry but try to act calm. I would argue my case step by step.
I would feel bad about the negative, untrue feedback. I would challenge my boss, with a very professional demeanor, to try to convince her of why the feedback was untrue. I would do my best to defend my work and keep my bonus.
I would be upset with why my manager gave me this negative feedback.  However, I would also look within myself deeper to maybe seek as to why or how I can do better.  In addition, I would ask my manager how he or she suggests I perform as well as what I need to do better at.
I would feel very negatively. I would try to speak with the manager to make sure that we both understood what precipitated the feedback and to answer any of their questions. I would also try to rectify any of the performance issues so that the feedback could potentially be amended and improved. I would at the very least voice my disagreement with the manager's assessment.
I would feel horrible about this and I would be really upset. I would probably try and find another manager or some one else that holds clout and ask them if they feel similarly. Hopefully that would be enough to fix that situation.
I would feel very upset. I would write down my arguments. I would go to my boss with them and ask to talk about them
I would not be happy about the situation. I would ask a few colleagues if they feel that the feedback was correct. If they do I would try to work hard to change. If not, I may go above my manager and speak about the unfairness, or I may drop it because money is involved.
I'd feel a bit negative about it but would withhold judgment until I could privately discuss the issue openly with my manager. I'd ask for specific examples of why my work is unsatisfactory, as well as what, in their opinion, would be the best way to correct it. If I still felt that their reasoning didn't make sense, I would make a case for myself, explaining why I feel that my choices are best, and giving examples of past successes (both from others who have followed similar ideas, and of my own past accomplishments with my ideas).
I would feel angry and upset. I would try to take a step back and calm down before further addressing the situation. Once I felt calmer, I would address the manager and offer reasons why I felt their feedback was not accurate.
I would accept the feedback from my manager. It's tough to get negative criticism, but it can be treated as an opportunity for growth. During the discussion with my manager, I would immediately ask if we can have a follow up meeting in about a week to allow us both time to brainstorm on how to improve my performance, and think about things that may have been hindering performance in the first place.
I would listen intently as my manager gave my negative feedback.  I would listen to them without interrupting. When they were done, I would speak up and respond to their viewpoint.  I would question their feedback and give the facts from my point of view.  I would explain the whole scenario that is in question.  My attitude would be, surely they must be basing this feedback on either partial information or they are missing some information of the scenario.   I would want to make sure they knew all of the facts.  If at that point, they clearly had all of the facts, and they still had the same point of view, I would graciously and respectfully accept their negative feedback.  I would work diligently at their request and suggestions to improve on whatever their recommendations were.
I would be really mad.  I would go to Human resources and make a formal complaint.  Even though nothing would happen and it wouldn't help my situation.
I would try to improve on what my manager told me. It really depends on the feedback. I would want to make things better.
I would push for clarification with my boss, calmly and confidently (not making a scene, but not being a pushover either). If the feedback is bad, pushing back on that in a professional way isn't going to make things much worse, and might improve them.
I would ask my manager why they gave me the negative feedback, what their reasoning was in doing so.  I would also voice my opinion that I disagree with them, and that I would like to see if we could make a compromise.  If, for some reason that does not work, then I would take it higher and speak with their supervisor-giving them the reasons why I do not believe that the negative feedback was fair or justified and see what results I can get from that conversation in order to settle the matter.
I would ask them exactly what I did to prompt this negative feedback. I would also be curious about real examples that are relevant. Seeking this kind of feedback is necessary for my own career trajectory.
I would be really frustrated with the negative feedback. If I honestly feel that the feedback isn't merited, than I would speak with my manager, Maybe he has incorrect impressions and needs to have clarification brought upon through a scheduled meeting.  It would be a tragedy if an annual bonus wasn't given simply because communication didn't happen.
I would talk to my manager and at least be heard before just accepting negative feedback. That is unless it was true. Then I would learn from it and hope it was presented in a way to not minimize my positive contributions to company. I am a person who likes to be heard and discuss how and what i can do to improve.
I would feel angry and hurt. After the initial adrenaline faded, I would try to figure out what I could do to salvage my reputation and bonus. I would definitely not trust my manager to have my back in the future.
I would feel very angry and resentful about this situation. I would talk to my manager, try to get a meeting with them to try to explain things and get an explanation too, and present my case. I might have to basically beg not to have any losses for the supposedly bad work I did, even though I know it was good work.
I would feel discouraged and upset. I would try to look for evidence that counters the negative feedback to present to my manager. I would then ask for a meeting to discuss this evidence and hopefully reach an agreement about my performance.
I would ask to meet with my manager. I would present my case that the feedback is not true; perhaps the manager got some incorrect information. If the manager himself is perpetrating the unfairness, I would use proper channels to lodge a complaint. I hope that I can work it out with the manager and straighten things out, though.
Well, for sure I desagree with my boss. The first thing I will do is asking him for an explanation about this negative feeback. Other thig I will do is asking him what should I do for solve it.
I would ask to sit down with my manager and have a meeting. I would go over everything that he/she negatively critiqued and present my point of view. I would own up to the mistakes that were mine but make sure my manager knows that I am serious about my work and want to work on myself and work efforts.
I would ask for examples of situations where I didn't perform up to expectations.  If he/she could give me examples, I would try to improve in those areas.  If she couldn't, I would fight it.  I wouldn't want to face consequences that were a result of something that didn't actually happen.  If I had to go above her head (to her supervisor), I would do that in this situation.
I would want to correct what ever I was doing that caused the negative feedback. I would explain to my manager how I felt but that I want to understand what  am doing wrong. This way I can learn and correct what the problems ar.e
I think I was wronged. I will talk to my manager about it.  I will try to collect as much evidence as possible.
I would just give in and try to do better the next time. maybe my boss has a reason to give me a negative feedback. I will prove to him that I can do better. Maybe I would ask my coworkers about the feedback as well and if they think I did something wrong.
I would try to go above their heads and ask for input. If I know I am in the right I have no problem reaching for what I need. I would also alert them to my plan of action in case they want to just handle it themselves instead.
I would feel very upset. I would take time to calm myself down and then write a professional letter rebutting the negative feedback. I would make sure to have someone else read this to be sure that I made my point professionally.
I would go back to my office (or is it a cubicle?) and punch the cardboard figure of my boss a few times. Then, I would sit down and think how to present my case to the boss, or even better, to his superior, to explain why they got it wrong. It's very unfair to treat employees like that.
I would begin with a very low tone explanation on why I felt it was not negative and lean towards asking questions on why exactly is it that the manager doesn't see it fit. I would explain my effort given towards it and possibly modify my behavior, but if it was becoming too offensive and leaning towards discrimination I would probably speak with others about it. Looking at how everybody sues everybody over such little petty bogus and still win lawsuits, may as well take advantage of the others that dare take advantage of me.
I would be humble and keep mu mouth shut. I would then do my best to make sure that this never happened again. fighting with your boss is never wise.
I would feel extremely frustrated.  I would start by asking my boss for concrete details about their feedback and ask for specific examples of when the particular negative behavior occurred. In addition to that, I would hope to submit written proof of my side of the story and why I don't feel the negative feedback applies.  If my boss has a superior who reviews the annual feedback and bonuses etc I would want to reach out to them with my side of the story as well.
I would ask my manager why he/she gave me such feedback. But although I may not agree with it and not believe it's true, maybe I am in the wrong. I would ask my manager what I needed to do to correct the wrong. If everything is BS though, and I hate the job, I may just quit.
I would gather up all required evidence to prove my manager wrong and then I would set up a face-to-face meeting with him/her to discuss my findings. I would also possibly invite an HR representative to the meeting.
I would take a few deep breaths. Listen to what was being said and reply to the situation explaining what they were hearing is not true.
I would ask my other colleagues for their honest opinion on the feedback I received.  If the feedback is true, then I would likely except the situation.  If the feedback seems really surprising to my colleague, then I would ask my manager about specific instances that lead to my negative feedback.  I would feel upset if the review was not a fair one.
i would gather all the information that i have that disputes his negative feedback. i would present this to him and explain my side of the story.
I would confront my manager with facts.  Seeing as I do not believe this to be true and the horrid consequences depicted above, I would plead my case for exoneration from this feedback.
I would be pretty upset about situation.  I would end  talking to my boss about the situation and try to convince them that I had nothing to do with whatever they felt was negative.  I would tell them everything I've done positively for the company.  I would show them what I mean to the company and ask to please reconsider my bonus.
I would set up a meeting with the boss to explain why I feel the feedback is not true. I would politely explain my case and be open to work on things that I am doing wrong.
I'll be very upset about it. I would talk to my manager later about this situation. I will try to figure out how he came to conclusion that was my mistake or so. I would try to explain he was not right in his judgement. If he still thinks he is right, I wouldn't feel any obligations and started to look around for another job
I would try to say nothing. I have a smart mouth but with knowledge. I will hate to use it towards them.
I would be extremely frustrated. If I could, I would provide evidence to support my point of view to my manager. If it appeared the issue laid with my manager, I'd consider going above him/her, depending on how the layers above him are.
I would have a longer conversation with my manager getting feedback on exactly what went wrong and how I could improve. I would also ask for a second opinion if there was another manager. I think it would be important to do everything possible to correct the situation and make sure that bonus stays locked in.
I would feel very frustrated about the situation and would want to try and resolve this as soon as possible.  I would see if I could meet with my manager to discuss the feedback.  I want to talk with my manager to understand why I got the negative feedback and then if it is not accurate, to tell what I believe to be the truth.  I also want to discuss the consequences of the feedback with my manager to see if there is anything that I can do to make things better.
I would discuss the feedback with my manager.  I would put my facts in writing.  I would list my accomplishment s that I made and I would present it all in a positive manner.
I wouldn't feel good about the situation. I would ask my manager to go over any negative feedback he has about me. And i would try to plea my case.
I would feel bad about the feedback. I would go to talk directly with the manager to figure out what reasons. If the manager's responses are not right or satisfy me I would look for responses from the higher boss.
I would feel bad. I would prepare a summary of my accomplishments. I would see my manager and discuss the feedback. I need my annual bonus for supporting my family.
I would let my manager know that I disagree with their feedback, and I would request a meeting about the feedback with higher management.
I WOULD SEE if i am able to provide justification  of my work and why i deserve my bonus. If i know i did satisfactory work and i deserve it i would show it to my boss or i can learn and try again next time.
I would request a one on one meeting with my manager and have a discussion to see if we can see each others' viewpoints.
I'd be upset, but I would tell the manager that I don't agree, and then I would let them know why. I wouldn't be upset, but I'd then go and compile whatever evidence I thought would help support my argument and give it to the manager.
I would think about the situation and the feedback for at least one night.   I would then address the supervisor and try to work on a resolution.  If this does not happen, I would go to whoever would be the next contact on the supervisory roles.
I would try to explain why I didn't agree with it. I would be nice, but would make sure to get my point across. I wouldn't just accept it.
I would discuss the results of the feedback with my supervisor and ask why they believe those things about my work performance. I would offer counter examples of why that was not true. I would explain I was doing my very best and working my hardest.
i would be very upset and angry. i would go to the manager and ask them to clarify the problems they stated. if they couldnt do that, i would go over their heads to their manager and file a complaint about the abuse of power/making false claims
I would make an effort to get more detail from my boss on their position.  I would try to state my position and see if there is any movement.  If not, I would start looking for another job.
I would discuss our difference of option and hope to change my manager's mind. If not successful changing her mind I would write out the reasons why I don't agree and supply evidence of my achievements.
I FEEL VERY ABOUT THE SITUATION IT DELIVERS SOME OF THE BAD IMPRESSION WITH THE OTHER IN THE OFFICE, SO I REALLY BAD ABOUT THE SITUATION. IT MAKES ME SOME INTENSE AND DELIVERS THE SOME OF THE BAD THINKING OF THE OTHER COLLEAGUES.  IN THE DECISION  I HANDLE THE SITUATION AND MAKES ME SOME OF THE FEEL OF IN THE OTHER COLLEAGUES
I would feel extremely aggrieved in this situation as part of my mind would wonder if the negative feedback is purely motivated by saving money on paying bonuses. The first thing I would do is work on a water-tight case from my end as to why I believe the negative feedback should be considered. I would then sit down with my boss and discuss the situation to try and their mind.
I would initially be upset at hearing the negative feedback.  I would try however and meet with my supervisor to discuss what I could be doing differently.  I would let him know that I would like to know different strategies to work on.
I would feel extremely anxious and probably angry. I would try to talk to another manager, and try to explain my side of things. I would just be trying to make sure the negative consequences didn't happen when I feel like I don't deserve that. I wouldn't be trying to get my manager punished, or get back at them, or anything like that. I would just want to avoid negatives.
I would ask for additional information.  I would then make sure that I was correct in my assessment.  Then if I lost a bonus, I would escalate to my manager's boss.
I would feel really upset about it.  But, I would also take the feedback and use it to become a better employee to prove that I am not as bad as my manager says.
I hate this situation. It really bothers me when someone says something untrue. I would find documentation that supports I did the wright thing. And very politely explain to the boss. If is not open to discussion I would go to his boss. Bad habit I have.
As a very passionate and also very reserved person, If I voice my opinion of feel rightfully wronged than it's for a reason even if it gets me fired...unfortunately it has happened. I just don't like to be persuaded to be a certain way if I disagree with it.
I would address this with my manager and ask for how he arrived at that assessment. I would also see if there was another reason for a negative feedback. I would also address this with my manager's supervisor if I still felt i was being wronged.
I would be disappointed in receiving the negative feedback.  I would schedule a meeting to discuss with my manager to see if perhaps there was a misunderstanding.  I would also ask my manager what steps I could take to improve my performance in his/her eyes.
I would more than likely try to schedule a sit down if I felt it was not true. Hopefully then a meeting could be establish and I could try to understand why the negative outcome. Afterwards If I still felt as if It wasn't my fault I would carry one but evaluate the situation more. If I felt was unfair consequences I would then look for new employment where I was treated fairly.
I would feel very upset and angry at the situation. I would also be angry at my manager. I would repeal the feedback and provide argument for why it is not accurate. If they still didn't listen I would then bring in a 3rd party (perhaps HR) to help.
I would summarize and notate the meeting including the negative feedback with my opinions and facts and send to back to my manager to approve for documentation purposes, explaining that I would like a review from the company - especially if it carries real consequences.  I would explain that I am only documenting this meeting and feedback as I do not believe it is true and I would like to dispute it.
I would probably request some sort of meeting to discuss the matter. I would feel anxious about that, but even more so about it not being resolved and feeling slighted. I would be agitated and prideful.
I would carefully look at the negative feedback and think positive steps I could take to improve my performance. Also, I would ask to speak with my manager about it and thank them for the feedback. I would discuss a few proposals with him or her. I would ask clarification about the issue, too.
I feel betrayed. I would immediately want to talk with my boss and find out what the problem was. I want to take the opportunity to discuss this.
I would feel anxious or worried about this situation and also possibly angry if some of the feedback was unnecessary. If any of the feedback is factual or something that I agree could be improved upon by me, then I would acknowledge to my manager that I have areas of improvement and discuss my plans on how to improve. If there is feedback that I believe to be of the wrong opinion, then I would talk with my manager and provide them with evidence that supports my opinions on the matter.
I would definitely feel upset, especially if the feedback is false. Before defending myself, I would make sure I could gather up information that would prove that the feedback was false.  I wouldn't be mean about it, to my boss, but I would want to make sure I had evidence proving the feedback was wrong, before I go telling my boss they are wrong.
I would be very angry. I would try to prove why the feedback is untrue. If I lost my annual bonus due to something I didn't do the next step would be easy for me. I would look for another job.
I would discuss it with him and find out more about why he feels this way and would then kindly present my position on why I feel it's not a fair assumption with some evidence to back it up. Personally, I think bonuses are overrated anyway.
I would ask my manager if we could sit down and talk about the situation. I would ask my manger why they thought I got negative feedback. I would explain my point of view and hope that they would come up with a solution.
I would take some time to think about what my boss said. I would try and make a list of examples of things that I have done that would show that I was right and that I don't deserve the review that was given. If my boss would not listen, I would try and go to their boss and talk to them.
I would sit with the feedback for awhile and assess if the feedback is truly accurate from a third person's perspective and to see if maybe I just got my feeling's hurt. If it turns out that I still feel like the negative feedback isn't an accurate assessment, then I would approach my manager and say, "Listen, I want to talk to you about this feedback" and present in a cool, detached manner why I think the feedback is incongruent with my performance.
I would think long and hard about whether to respond. I would go home, talk to my partner about it, and sleep on it. I would carefully craft a response that my manager would not find too challenging.
I feel disappointed and confused. I dont know what I did wrong. I want to argue it, but i could get in more trouble if i do,
I would calmly and rationally ask to meet with the manager to discuss the feedback. I would avoid getting upset, but also stand my ground with them about the feedback. Hopefully we could come to an understanding where the feedback does not have any negative consequences. I would feel annoyed about this situation but would feel better about having a plan of action.
Not really sure how to handle this one. Refusing to accept what he wrote could result in an argument but then accepting it not saying anything could make me feel as if I didn't address it properly.
I would ask for the manager to reverse her choices. I would ask another manager for an appeal. I would work on doing better work. I would take up extra work responsibilities.
I would schedule a meeting with my manager to discuss the feedback. I'd lay out my case as to why I feel the feedback is unfair, and hope it closes the conversation. If I feel the feedback could still hurt me I'd speak to the next highest manager.
I would try to understand the feedback of my manager and try to reason with it. I would also be confident with my work and not let a misunderstanding damper my mood. I would also make sure to fix the situation where both my boss and myself would be happy with the work.
I would be angry, and really hurt. I’d probably take it personal. I’d try to correct it with my manager first, then their supervisor. Then perhaps quit if not happy.
I am really quiet. So initially I would listen to everything my boss had to say. If I disagreed with something that I knew for a fact that wasn't true I would speak up and say something. I would more than likely hold back tears and after I left the talk with my boss I would probably cry a bit or just feel down. I would seek ways to improve what I was slacking on or if I disagreed completely I would still remain quiet and I would search for another job.
I would follow the procedures required to contest the ruling. At my current job, I can write and submit a response within two weeks of the original review. I would also provide any documentation necessary to disprove the allegations in the review. The next step would be go to go HR or whatever branch is responsible for handling these disputes.
I would feel very upset about the situation. I am affected a lot by criticism, especially when it involves real consequences. I would possibly try to talk to my boss in a calm way and discuss what I can do about it and possibly try to angle it so they can see my positive attributes and maybe not lose my annual bonus or whatever the consequence may be.
I would setup up a meeting with the manager and go over his concerns point by point. If I believe he is in error, I would show him why, and back up my claims with hard data. If I am in the right, and the manager still insists on screwing me over, I'd immediately start looking for another job.
Dependable on the difficulty to incorporate in to my day to day. I would try to accommodate if not unreasonable, otherwise off to a new job
I would be angry and upset.  I would possibly try going over my manager's head to see if I could have this feedback reviewed.  It could possibly affect my salary and position with the company so it is in my best interest to fight the negative feedback as much as I can.
I would listen to what my manager had to say. Regardless of whether I like the feedback or not it is important to find out whether it is true or not. I would use the opportunity to find out more about his thinking.
I would try to do more, one would ask my manager to have one to one meeting to guide me whats is going wrong from my side and what is expected of me. I would do best as I would never want negative consequences.
I would feel I was being unfairly singled out.  I would ask for specific documentation on the source of the feedback.  I would state that I need time to review the situation and would seek advice or guidance on how to improve in the future.  Depending on the severity, the source, etc., I may escalate to HR, or other authority.
I would engage my supervisor to discuss the metrics and logic by which this conclusion about my performance was reached.  I would be sure to bring along evidence to the contrary, if I had it, as I would want to demonstrate that I was doing a good job.  I would see if there was middle ground, while still hearing out my boss and offering to pursuit courses of action that could alleviate the supervisor's concerns about my performance.
I would try to talk to my manager about everything, and if I feel as though the feedback isn't true, then, I would probably try to give my manager proof that the information isn't true. I would hope that my manager would change my feedback so that it is not so negative. Overall, I think I would just go in with a good attitude and hope for the best.
I would feel scared about my work and what it may been for my future in the company.  I would try to talk to them to see which main areas i should try to improve on. I want to be a stronger employee not just for the money money, but also build my character as a worker and my future.
I would question my manager about the situation, I would ask for proof that what he is saying is true, I would explain that i take my work seriously and that he should too.
I would feel terrible. Probably what I would do is review my work as honestly as possible, putting together a list of everything I feel I got right, and list whatever I feel I didn't get right, or that needs improvement, and would put everything in writing, and present the case to my manager, hoping to persuade them to reevaluate their analysis, pleading the case that I am still deserving of my annual bonus.
I would be really upset in this scenario. I would ask he manager for a breakdown of exact instances where my performance was under par, and would address each one of them directly. I would also provide my own facts/evidence to back up my case as a good worker (awards, contributions to the company, etc.). I would certainly not take the negative feedback laying down.
I would talk to my boss about it first. If hat didn’t work, I would gather any proof I had that their feedback was wrong, and then go to HR. If that didn’t work, I would try to go to my boss’ boss.
It depends on the type of criticism really. If they are someone who I actually respected, I would accept their criticism. One earns my respect by showing me that they know their stuff, that they are truly a professional with admirable traits. I run into very few that fit this category.    Were it someone that I did not respect, then it would depend on my situation. If I desperately needed the income, then I would appear to be submissive and accepting of the feedback with promises to do better. However my situation would have to be really desperate. Even then that manager would be marked, and would see me treating them as coldly as I could without getting fired. Eventually depending on my situation, I would quit. When they day came, that manager would get some negative feedback from me, quite a lot of it. I would verbally destroy them for every failure and moment of incompetence that I witnessed, and if I got any of it on video I would set out to burn their career. My tolerance for fools has lessened as I've gotten older, and there are too many damn fools out there.
I would feel uncertain about how to proceed. I think one little feedback shouldn't jeopardize my annual bonus. I would probably still try to respond to the feedback and make changes that would appease the manager. Most feedback has some sort of relevancy, so maybe if I don't agree with it on some level, I believe there could still be a change to make.
I'd feel a little trapped.  I'd approach them about the situation.  If we couldn't come to terms I would immediately start job searching.
I would feel like my manager was treating me unfairly. I would first go to my manager to discuss the feedback. If this did not got well I would escalate to someone above the manager to discuss my work performance.
First and foremost, I would ask him why he feels negatively about my work and what can be done so this does not happen again in the future. I would try to gain understanding with him. I would also try to see what consequences can arise and if there is anything I can do to avoid them.
I would submit a written response to the review and submit a copy to HR, and possibly next higher-up.  I would request a meeting to discuss the concerns, expectations, and my concerns about raises, bonus, etc.
I feel bad about this situation. The first thing that I would do is to look over my work a couple of times to see if this negative feedback has any merit at all. If it is has merit, then I would just accept it, if I truly believe that my work is top quality, I would try and go over his or her head to his or her boss to try and rectify the situation. Yes, that may put me in a worse situation, but do I really want to work at a place where I can receive negative feedback on quality work.
I would ask for some concrete proof in what, why and how was this negative feedback.  If I really thought it was undeserved I would ask him for the facts. What exactly did I do wrong.  It could be a misunderstanding.  I would have to look it over and decide whether I did do something in error.
I would tell my boss I disagree. I would tell them how I feel and I would maybe ask other employees if they agree with the review. I would do this because it obviously affects my job pretty heavily so if it’s important then I have to say something.
I would stand up for myself and defend my actions. I would make sure my manager knew all of the positive things that I accomplished. More managers need to recognize this.
Understanding that the negative feedback could carry real consequences, I would be determined to try and get my manager to see my point of view or explain the situation.  The potential monetary/reputation hit would bet be avoided if possible.  I would schedule a meeting with my manager to talk about the review.  If the meeting with the manager doesn't sway her, I would see about going above her to get the matter resolved.
I would call the manager out on this as politely as possible.  I'd try to figure out why he/she has given said feedback by asking detailed questions.  Then I'd do my best to evidence why he/she is wrong by using as many specifics as possible.
I would evaluate what the feedback was carefully and gather evidence to the contrary. I would go to the manager and present these facts to him, along with a message about why it is important, how I felt, etc. If the manager were unwilling to budge then I would probably seek the next level of power above him for help. I would not let something like this go lightly as it could be damaging to my finances and my career.
I would talk to the HR department to get their opinion on the scenario. I might also arrange a sit down with my manager and a third party. If I felt something was incorrect I would not want it to damage my status in the company at all.
I would fight it if it means I don't get a bonus. I'll stage a situation to make him realize he's completely wrong. Afterwards, he'll give me praise. Easy.
I would tell my manager that the feedback is not true.  If I loose out on the annual bonus, that's ok. I would rather have my self-respect than the money. I couldn't sleep well at night if I didn't say that I felt needed to be said.
I would fight the urge to argue my side in order to hear my boss' opinion in its entirety. Then I would firmly disagree and state my viewpoint. I would also try to work with my boss to see what could be happening to give her such an opinion of me. Maybe there is a lack of communication that can be resolved.
I would tell my boss that I will take the feedback, but I don't necessarily agree with it. I would tell my boss I would try to do better, but explain what you expect in return.
I would really feel sad at this moment. But i wont leave the matter. I will take up  to the higher management and ask them for justice and make the feedback reversed and also it should result as positive
I would attempt to respectfully disagree with the manager. Hopefully, I would have proof to show him/her that the feedback is wrong. If it does not go well, I would consider looking for a new job.
I would approach my manager and ask to speak privately. I would lay out my case and explain where I believe he is wrong. If he continues there is a chance I would start looking ofr a new job.
I would address that feedback with the manager, taking their point of view into consideration and expressing my own. I would ask for clarification when necessary, and provide clarification when appropriate.  In the end, I think we can come to an agreement on what is and is not true.
I would try to talk to my boss at a personal level. Maybe I can get a better understanding on what their thought process was. Then, I can adjust my work performance accordingly.
I would ask my manager what this feedback is based on.  I would politely ask for the facts and the source of the facts.  Since the feedback has consequences my manager should not have a problem giving me this information.  If he/she does then I would have to consider going above him to get help.
I would take the managers information and ask questions about negative feedback. In what ways can you improve by using the information that was given? A feedback should be a two way street and include input from both sides, so I would make sure that I come away from the feedback session with the most information that I could.
I would make a written request to speak with my manager and my manager's supervisor. I would want them both to know exactly why I disagreed with the feedback and make sure there wasn't some type of miscommunication. I would also want to know how to avoid this negative feedback in the future.
I would feel bad, and probably mad at my manager. I would try to talk with him/her about this and convince my manager that i did a good job. If that does not work, i would try to present and explain with facts that what i did was right and good for the company and i did a good job.
I would schedule a meeting with my manager to discuss the feedback. I would put together as much tangible evidence to disprove the negative feedback to the meeting. I would ask for specific clarifications on each of the negative points and do my best to have logical, strong counterpoints to these specifics then ask for an updated evaluation.
I would take a second to process what I've been told and formulate an appropriate response. Then, I would do my best to really understand where they're coming from and reconcile their observation with my experience. Hopefully we can better understand each others' position and figure out what problems there actually are if any
I would initially listen to the feedback and preferably have a copy in writing.  Since I do not agree, I would ask if I might schedule another meeting at a later, but nearby time.  I would do this so that I could calm myself and review the feedback more objectively to determine if I am responding emotionally, or if the feedback continues to seem untrue.  Finally, if I truly could not agree with the feedback as given, I would follow up with my manager with a copy of the original feedback and my responses to each item and specifically why I did not agree with examples to refute the claim and then seek to come to an agreement.
I would be very upset. I would try to get my manager to lay out facts that showed the feedback was justified. I would try to stay calm while we discussed the issues.
I would have a discussion with my manager about thier comments.  I would make sure that the facts are known and that the negative feedback won't be harmful to me.  If that doesn't work I would involve my manager's boss in the situation.
I would put myself in the shoes of my manager and think about why they would think like this and what I could do to improve in their eyes due to the consequences. Essentially, I would eat crow
If I disagreed I would ask to sit down with my manager to discuss the feedback. I would politely give reasons why I don't believe the feedback is true and list reasons and examples to prove all my positive qualities.
I would be very upset and prepared to defend myself.I would study the details of the situation and confront the manager.If I would discuss the details and try and resolve this issue.
I would be pretty upset that I wasn't being treated fairly. How could I not be? I would ask my supervisor for specific, observable behaviors of mine that speak directly to his or her negative feedback. Having these types of examples would either provide understanding of where I'm coming from or support my notion that they are untrue.
I would feel concerned about the situation. I would first deal with that feeling of concern perhaps individually or with friends. I would then outline an argument to present with the manager. After receiving more details on their perspective, I would ask them to reconsider their decision with my argument.
I know people say you can appeal bad feedback. My experience has not borne this out, however.  Though I feel angry, I would try to suck up to my boss and given them what they want in the future.
I would be extremely nervous and upset about this and would be desperate to correct the problem. I would try to request a meeting with my manager to discuss the feedback. I would try to find a way to respectfully voice why I disagreed with the assessment and try to convince the manager to reevaluate.
I would feel very annoyed and restless,I decide to go and face him/her and try to convince him/her from her feedback that he/she did not make proper analyse my work.
I would ask for a meeting with him to discuss further. I would want to understand how he came to that conclusion, and try to share my perspective. I would want to know how I can improve if we can't come to an agreement.
I would meet with my manager one on one and discuss it. If the manager raises good points, I would accept the negative feedback. If the manager does not have a good explanation, but would be willing to change the negative feedback, I would welcome it. If there is no good explanation and the manager doesn't change the feedback, I would explore alternatives. These would include look for another manager or unit within the company to transfer to, consider going over the manager's head (to his/her manager), or escalating negative upward feedback on my manager so that they face real consequences also.
I would feel upset and angry.  I would probably want some reasoning behind why i received the feedback.  I would also try to explain why I don;t agree and provide examples that negate the negative feedback.
I would be honest about how I felt.  I would point out why I didn't agree, but after stating my perspective, I would respect what my manager decides.  I would make sure that my manager understands that I accept and respect whatever he or she decides and I would express my thanks for allowing me to share my perspective.
I feel upset about this.  I would try to ask why they came to that conclusion.  If it is still ringing untrue I would escalate it up the chain of command.
I would have a sit down chat with them and see where the problem was. I would give my side to the story. This will hurt to do, but I need answers.
I would ask them why they feel this way. if possible i would defend whatever they said, and explain how it isnt actually negative. if it is a bad habit then i would promise to change it immidietly.
I would ask others for advice. This might be a pick your battles situation. Maybe whatever I'm being told off for really happened and I can learn from it. If it's fully unfair, I'd talk to the person giving the review and try to talk then out of it, and/or go to their higher-up if it's something really important.
I would go and speak with my manager about the feedback. There is a reason the feedback is the way it is and either I made a mistake and will be punished for it rightfully or there was a mistake on their behalf. I would either way get to the bottom of the issue before making my next step.
I would feel frustrated and uncomfortable. I would feel helpless and angry that I couldn't convince them that they were wrong. I would do my best to calmly explain my point of view and use as much evidence as I could to point out why my perspective was correct. I would do whatever I could to persuade them without seeming insulting.
I would be upset and would want to make sure I really understood the situation. I might not agree, because I don't fully understand everything. I would have a long conversation with my manager so that I could prevent doing this again in the future. I would hope my boss would see I cared and was open to discussion and wouldn't hold it against me, but would realize that I am trying to do a better job.
I would initially feel quite upset although this could not be expressed in an overly emotional manner while speaking to the boss.  My first response would be to ask for evidence of or basis for the feedback, doing my best to listen objectively although this would be difficult.  If I find that his negative comments were true, or if my previous actions could have been misconstrued in some way, I would apologize for the issue and discuss how I could remedy the problem.  On the off-chance that my boss does not present me with any evidence or examples, I would likely be heading down to HR to find out my options in the situation in the absence of any recourse offered by my own manager.
I would be irritated, but would try to think about his criticism. If it wasn't warranted, I would want to figure out how best to address the issue to show it wasn't warranted, by pointing it out at some point in a fair sense. In any case it would be correct to make sure I don't lost my bonus over the false criticism.
I would argue my perspective against my boss's evaluation. I would feel resentful, but take it as an opportunity to advocate for myself. If I make a strong case, I may be successful.
I would perhaps talk with a co-worker or colleague about the feedback (maybe in an indirect way if I didn't feel comfortable divulging that it was about me), to try and get a different perspective (perhaps I am missing the point of the feedback?) I would do my best to make changes corresponding with correcting the negative feedback. I would probably feel annoyed for a while. If the feedback persists, after I've tried to make changes, I would go to HR and ask them for help and advice.
I would try to understand the manager's negative feedback  and why the manager provided such feedback. I would rebuttal and focus on the pros versus the cons of the situation. The purpose is to belittle or eliminate the consequences. This is all in a day's work.
I would give reasons why it was n I t true, supported by facts. I would ask for time to rebut the feedback, explain that I can prove it's incorrect while accepting the parts that are. I would acknowledge the parts that are true and thank the manager for their time and explain my side.
I would go over the feedback that is given to me by my manager.  I would analyze what is said and those things that I don't feel to be true, I would prepare a presentation to show different.  It would make me feel terrible especially since the feedback does not seem to carry any weight as to anything that I see that I have done wrong.
I would feel upset.  I would ask for a time to review this with the manager and come prepared with infomation to show they are wrong.  Then If this does not work I could talk to another boss.
I would gather enough evidence to prove him/her wrong. I don't like to be blamed or wrongfully accused of thing that I didn't do. So, I would show him/her the truth, in a polite manner of course
I would try and see if I could verify the feedback. If I was able to find incorrect information, I would present it to the manager. I would ask my coworkers to verify my points so I could convince my manager that I am right.
I feel very upset about this situation. I will ask my manager if I can respond to the feedback in writing or some way that will stay with my file. I would fight to have this issue resolved.
I would write out why I disagree. I would first take it to said manager and depending on their actions I would reevaluate. Next, I would take it to a higher level if needed.
I would pull out anything I have to prove negative feedback is wrong. I would meet with them afterwards. I would go over all my evidence and explain my feelings in a professional manner.
I would feel angry about the feedback and want to know exactly how I failed. I would ask for the feedback in writing and I would answer each of the negative feedback points from my perspective. I would then want HR to oversee this process and any action plan to improve on the areas mentioned.
I would challenge it with HR.  I would present evidence and try to get the remarks removed.  My career is too important .
I would take into consideration what the manager said, as it reflects on certain aspects. If it could have serious consequences then I would do what I needed to do in order for those consequences not to happen.
I would say that I want an opportunity to present the good things that I have done recently. I would also want to know the source of this information. Why is it only negative? I would consider looking for another job.
I would take a minute to collect myself and make a plan. I would likely ask my supervisor for a separate meeting to discuss the feedback. I would present my position.  If my supervisor still felt the same after our follow-up meeting, I would make an appointment with HR to document my concerns and ask that they be placed in my file and reviewed during my annual review.
If I feel I really worked hard and my manager has ignored my work I would consider going to HR if the reasons my manager has provided are not valid as this impact on my career also
I would just do it the way the manager requested. I would not want to miss my bonuses.
i would feel motivated to improve my work i would tp the person who gave me the feedback to see what can i do to make it better and to not consequences later
I would ask my boss where she got the impression that my work was subpar. I would give her specific examples of when I had performed well. I would give her a list of colleagues she could talk to who could vouch for my work.
I would politely explain how the feedback I was given wasn't really accurate. I would make sure to have proof of how I know it isn't the truth. I would also ask around of other peoples opinion of what I should say and do. And see if anybody I work with has ever had their bonus taken away because they voiced their opinion. I just might even call HR to complain and explain on how I was feeling about the lies being told.
I would set up a time to go over the review. I would want to get to a consensus to where we can fix the issue. I would also make sure that the information they have is accurate,.
I would complain to my manager and tell him to fix it. Would gather up all the evidence to point out that it isn't true. If he doesn't budge i would take it higher up and complain to his boss about it. Would keep going higher up the ladder till someone fixes the problem of a lying.
I would confront my manager about the feedback and explain my side of the story. This situation would make me feel frustrated. Losing my annual bonus is not something I'd want, so I'd go to him and provide him with my reasonings as to why I don't agree and what I will do to improve. In addition, I would take the feedback and better myself in the months to come, while at the same time ensuring I get my bonus.
I would be extremely upset about this situation.  My reputation is on the line here.  I would ask for my manager to do a bit more investigating before carrying out any consequences.
I would check with my other coworkers to see if they agree with my supervisor. If they do, then I would accept it. If they agree with me, then I would contact HR and see what my options are
I would confront the manager about my feelings about the feedback and ask why I recieved it because I believe it to be untrue, and explain that it could have consequences for me. If they were unwilling to see things my way, I would talk to the manager's boss about this situation and again explain my point of view. I would feel rather upset and like I was being singled out or punished for some reason other than my work performance.
I would fight my manager if I didn't feel the information was accurate. I would do whatever I could and talk to anyone above my manager to clear my name. I think that, since it is serious, I would have no choice but to fight this. I would even confront the manager and demand an explanation for the feedback.
I would feel treated unjustly.  I would try to talk with my responsible.  I would work with less enthusiasm.
I would talk to my boss about what they said. I would possibly go over their head to their boss if I felt they were being unfair. I would also have a coworker back me up if need be.
I would still continue to do my job. I would try to do work according to the job description and instruction. I would apply the feedback as best as I could within reason.
I would feel very irritated about the situation. I would probably go and talk to my manager but also try to hear his side on why he gave me the negative feedback. If I feel it is wrong then I would probably try to explain my side.
I would ask my supervisor for clarification on the negative feedback. I would explain my point of view while being careful not to accuse or point fingers. I would seek suggestions on ways to avoid the situation in the future and ask for more direction moving forward. I would seek a mentor from another department if possible.
I would feel pretty nervous and upset with myself with negative feedback that could carry real consequences. I would ask my manager for a brief meeting to discuss their report and defend myself. I would also ask the standing of my bonus.
I feel violated. I am in an unequal power relationship with someone who has the unilateral ability to affect important aspects of my life. But I am not in an equal position to question or challenge them, or to be equally believed by the people they're reporting to. I would express my own interpretation of my actions to them, and put my reaction on the record for third party review.
I would feel upset about this situation. I would let my manager know that I don't believe that the feedback is true. I would do my best to understand the manager's point of view.
"I would downplay it, But the saying is - NEVER - let the doubtful know you are on to them!.  As this type of situation is a sure indicator that you are surrounded by 'Fools or Traitors' and in truth this is a very common scenario in U.S. Business today still for a clever operative there are ways out?.  Personally I would just try to ignore or down talk the Negative interview but in the main there are 2 real life responses!.  A. I would quietly discuss the idea about my chances of promotion with the company if i took a leave to return to the University and get an Advanced Degree!.  OR:  B. I would just quietly take a flash drive to work and then borrow as much confidential data ie sales, contacts, Big Spending clients, Industrial processes sic.    Then quietly resign say for 'Health Reasons' and offer my services to a competing firm telling them that i have a lot of offer but that of course depend on what wage scale or benefits they have to offer and why not me.  'Besides everybody else is doing it, So why shouldn't i cash in, He He.
I would feel disappointed that I received that feedback. I would then talk to my boss about my concern with the feedback and ask them to further breakdown why I received that feedback. To continue, I would ask my manager if there's anyway to get back on track/can they help me make a plan to get back on track, so I don't suffer as bad of a consequence.
I would try to chat with the manager who gave me the feedback to see if I could improve. If I really felt that it was truly biased and unfair, I would try to get feedback from other managers or people in the company who can attest to my performance.
I would try to talk with my manager about how i disagree with the feedback. The manager may be able to explain it better. If i still disagree i would try to explain why she is wrong.
I would feel very upset. I would try to have a talk with my manager to find out why he gave me negative feedback and what I could do to fix it.
I would let my manager know my real feelings and give documentation and facts on why they are telling a lie.  If you have proof they are not telling the truth then you can't be blamed for the negative feedback.
I would feel bad and hurt.I would ask my boss for a meeting to hear my views. I would have evidence if any that the negative feedback about me is not factual. I would try to make my case about the negative feedback and how this could affect me and my job.
I would immediately gather some evidence to disprove the comments that my boss made.  I would ask to receive as much specific feedback as possible and I would then try to build a case against.  I would present that case to my manager and even his manager if necessary.
I would double check that my assessment about the feedback is correct.  I would talk to my peers very discreetly and see what their opinion is about the situation.  I would get a consensus about the feedback my manager gave me, and if I felt the feedback was not warranted I would talk to my manager and see if they might change their mind. If I could not change the manager's mind, I might escalate this issue to upper management.
I would ask for clarification on what he/she thinks is wrong (procedure missed, etc.). I would speak calmly to my boss. I would ask who gave the feedback (if a coworker did). I would want to talk to my coworker.
I would ask to set up a meeting with my manager to discuss the issue further.  Prior to the meeting, I would go over the information provided and compile supporting information that demonstrates why I feel that the feedback was inaccurate.  Then I would meet with my manager and see if I can improve his or her outlook on the situation.
I would feel very upset.  I would try to think about what I could do to change the situation especially since I don't agree with the feedback.  I would consider going to HR and complaining because it affects my annual bonus.
i would try to breathe and stay calm. i would walk away and think before i spoke. then i would come back and sit down with my boss and explain my side and hope they understand and trust me.
I would ask my manager for more feedback. I would like examples to show the negative feedback. This may effect my bonus and I do let things go that easy.
I would think that it sucks. I would be angry. I would try to discuss this issue with my manager and plead my point of view as to why this feedback is incorrect. If it can't be changed, I would just have to live with it. Unless this manager has a record for off-base behavior, I wouldn't go over their head.
I would feel really bad about this situation. If I believe that this feedback is unfair, I would start looking for a new job. No visible emotions, though...
I would feel very frustrated with the situation because I dont agree with it and would want to figure out a way for my manager to see my point. I would attempt to talk to the manager again to see if he/she would change their mind. If they still didnt change their mind I would go over their head and talk to whoever their boss is. It might be a long shot but if there were consequences I would definitely try.
I would try to understand my manager's point of view and where the negative feedback was coming from. I would try to ask lots of questions to help get to the bottom of the situation. I would try to adjust my behavior and performance based on the feedback so that I could avoid consequences.
I would find evidence that the feedback is untrue and present these to my manager in a unbiased, professional manner. I would feel very stressed and betrayed by the situation if I believe my manager's feedback is totally false.
I would feel really upset. I would probably discuss it with another manager who knows my work to see if the is anything I can do to improve the situation. I would feel really ripped off if I lost my bonus over something that was false.
I would feel really bad, as well as frustrated, about this situation. I would talk to my manager about why they are providing this feedback, especially since I don't believe it is true, and see if I can't explain what I believe is true in contrast. If it is true in the end, I would discuss how I might try to address the negative feedback to correct what I have been doing poorly/wrong.
I would have an open and honest discussion with my manager. I would ask what specifically led to the negative feedback, so I could improve upon it in the future. Most of all, I would try not to lose my temper or seem desperate.
I would feel upset as I always do when receiving negative feedback. I need to take a moment to chew on the feedback to be able to see where the critique is coming from and where I can improve. My tactic here would probably be to take some space, maybe have a cup of coffee, write the critique down on my notebook and then, sentence by sentence, try to analyse it rationally to find my balance and be able to see where I could do differently in the future.
I would do everything in my power to appear as though I'm making progress on his feedback. I love negative feedback, true or not, since that is my opportunity to show much improvement. If it's impossible to improve, I am talented at appearing "improved."
I would first be angry and leave the environment to think. Next I would head back and ask if my manager had a time we could schedule to discuss some things. I would discuss each point that they made in their feedback and provide my evidence and counterargument in a constructive, yet neutral tone.
I would first apologize to my manager to make peace. Then I would ask my manager if they had any advice as to how I could improve the situation (job duties, attitude, performance that sort of thing). I would then try my best to perform in the outline that my manager suggests.
I would feel very anxious. I would meet with my manager and try to find out what exactly he/she finds negative about my performance. Then I would try to clear up any misunderstandings and try to do better.
I would schedule a meeting with my manager, to expand on the issues a little more. I think I should be able to tell my side of the issue, in hopes of it not affecting my bonus. I think it is important to have a dialogue about something that will influence my payment.
I would probably ask the manager to sit down with me for a meeting so we can talk over the feedback they gave me. I would like to learn his/her perspective on the matter and determine the validity of the feedback. If I feel that the negative feedback is unjust, I would elevate it to his/her boss.
I would try to have an open conversation with my manager. I would make an intention to find out what my weaknesses were that lead to the feedback. And hope to come to a conclusion.
I might approach my manager and ask if we could set aside some time for a meeting between the two of us to discuss the feedback. During that time, I would give him my viewpoints and ask for his. This way we can have an open honest discussion and hopefully come to an agreement.
It wouldn't be easy, but I would have the manager give my feedback to me in written form so that I would have time to go over it and really think about and type a response out. This way I could meet with him or her soon thereafter to discuss the negative feedback and give my response. I would be quite angry, but knowing myself, I would need time to process and handle in a dignified manner.
I would reflect on the feedback for a day or two and consider whether there is an element of truth to it. I would likely request to sit down with my manager, once I was confident that I would not be too emotional. I would acknowledge their opinion but also offer my perspective respectfully.
I would feel horrible about this situation and incredibly stressed. I would ask for a meeting with my manager to go over the feedback and discuss how I can strive to do better. I would talk to the boss about what they saw and how they determined the results. If I still disagreed I would go to their boss and request another review or an appeal of the review expressing my case.
After reviewing the feedback, I will take down some notes, and try to prove I can do it. Try to talk to the manager first, and have him or her explain the feedback in question. If I still do not agree or have proof of the facts in the feedback, I would go to higher management to help convince him or her otherwise, and show them I can do it.
I would ask my manager what I could do to improve and what my objectives would be....At least this way I would know how to improve the negative feedback in the future.
I would ask my manager for a second meeting where we can discuss the feedback to ensure I understand where it is deriving from. I would ask for proof of the incident in ways such as "Can you show me exactly where this happened or an example of my work so that I can address the issue and prevent it from re-occuring?" In this aspect, I am not questioning my manager's ability to provide feedback and manage employees but asking for assistance in resolving the issue. If proof or examples were provided it would also lead to conversations concerning the validity of information where I could raise my concerns if need be.
I would take some time and digest the feedback. If I did not agree, I would let my boss know I did not agree and schedule a follow up meeting after a few days. This time would give both my boss and I time to reflect on the feedback to see if it was truly justified or not.
I would feel upset about this situation. However, I wouldn't let that stop me from trying to improve. I would arrange to have a personal meeting with my manager to discuss how I can improve with little or no reprucussions to my job.
First, I would try to arrange a meeting with my manager to discuss my feedback. I would like for my manager to explain each point one by one and show me exactly what in my work deserved that feedback. If the manager does not respond, I would then go to the senior manager for help as well as get colleagues and other supervisors' support.
I would reach out to my manager and schedule a meeting to discuss the feedback. I would be respectful in tone however I would go into the meeting with my counter arguments very clearly lined out so that my manager and I could openly go over their thoughts and I could present my viewpoint. I would also be sure to reach out to my manager by email in order to effectively set a paper trail if need be for HR purposes later on.
I would go to someone above the manager to let them know I didn't agree with the feedback. Sometimes I believe people take personal issues and add them into work issues which is wrong. I wouldn't want to lose something i gained from false feedback.
I'm obviously disappointed in this new situation. I would probably give my manager a "cooling off period", during which I would gather any information I had to support my case.  After a day or two or longer, I would ask to schedule a sit down meeting with my manager to discuss their decision.  I would try to explain my side, and present any evidence to try & sway the decision. I'm counting on that bonus, so I will do whatever it takes to at least try and win it back.
Negative feedback is never a good thing and usually comes from coworkers who are jealous or have something they are out for.  I would have a private meeting with my manager and find out the facts and tell my side of the story.
I would talk my manager about the situation. I would state my defense. I would also talk to HR about it.
I would feel upset. I would talk to my supervisor. I would try to find out why I did poorly.
I would try to discuss with the boss, if I can do something to compensate for the negative feedback. Take classes, some volunteer work, do an extra project. Help new employee. I would try to compensate , so I will get the bonus.
I would during the course of the conversation ask for justification as to the reason for the negative review including examples. If the rationale is valid I would ask for opportunities to improve and meet expectations. If not valid potentially elevate up chain of command.
I would gather as much evidence as I could to support my claim that this feedback was not accurate. I would first take this feedback to my manager and attempt to change his mind and decision. If he disregarded my evidence, I would then talk to the supervisor over him and show my evidence for why I deserve my bonus.
If I truly felt the feedback was a lie, or going against me, I'd try to at least back myself up. It can be hard in a situation like this, but I have to hold my dignity and self worth. I've learned through life you can't let people put you down, you gotta stick up for yourself you're all you have. And if it went wrong, worse comes to worse I get fired or quit and find a new job. I'm not going to stress about it.
I would feel upset. I would ask for clarification on the negative feedback. I would then do what I can to cover myself - such as gathering evidence left behind in emails or getting testimonies from my coworkers. If I can't work things out with my manager, I will go to their boss.
I would ask my manager if they could give specific examples of their feedback. I would then explain my perspective and why I disagree, with evidence to support what I'm saying. I would feel extremely disheartened and confused.
I would be very upset, especially after putting so much dedication in my work.  I would simply confront him/her and pry him/her for more information as to why the feedback was graded as such.  If i couldn't get anywhere i would simply then go to upper management or even HR to have the issue resolved so i could receive my bonus.
I would not feel good about the situation at all. However, it would be very important that I make a meeting with my manager and discuss the review in depth. I would provide as much evidence as possible to give a clear picture of my actual performance. Even if this does not get the review changed, I would use the opportunity to show that I am committed to the company and am always working on ways to improve on my performance.
I would respond to my feedback, one on one with my management. It's vital that I express my point of view in the matter, so that I can be rewarded appropriately. I put in the necessary work, and I value my job, so it's important to stand up for myself
I would feel angry and annoyed, but powerless. Having people have wrong beliefs about me is extremely aggravating, but I rarely seem to be able to change anyone's opinions once they are set, so it's not clear that there's anything I could do. I would probably just stew in my negative emotions and face the consequences, and if the consequences of the mismatch are severe enough that I can't stomach working there anymore I'd start looking at other employment options.
I would give myself time to evaluate the feedback I received. This would impact my current role and how I feel about my work environment. I would ask to have a meeting with all involved in the situation, so that it can be talked through.
I would off course feel terrible and disappointed. I would need to take a little time to analyze what the feedback was, and try to understand. Then perhaps speak with my manager again, ask what I could do to change or improve, why did she think what she did. Perhaps I could learn something that I wasn't aware of.
I would initially feel disappointed and like an idiot. Then later on I would say to myself what he thinks of me doesn't matter, I know it's not true. In person near my boss I would apologize and try to avoid making those behaviors a habit around him or her.
I would talk to my manager and arrange a time for us talk about it further.  I would want to know why I received the negative evaluation, what I could do to improve it, and if there was a way to correct it so that my  bonus wasn't affected.
I would of course be not very happy with this situation of course. I would try and discuss this feedback with my boss. This could possibly clear up the matter and work to my advantage. After all this negative feedback could be be because of some misunderstaning.
I would ask more questions to my supervisor as to what made them come to the determination that the feedback they are providing is accurate. If they weren't willing to re-think their decision I would go to a management member above my supervisor to try to appeal this decision and explain why I believe the feedback is incorrect.
I would control my emotions and tell my manager that I am surprised by the feedback, and that I will spend some time really thinking about what was said.  I will do exactly that.  Then, I will carefully compose a response to my manager explaining why I think the criticism is unwarranted, without being critical of my manager or telling them they are "wrong."  I might ask that they please reconsider their judgement, because I'd like a review that better reflects the work I've been doing.  I might mention "consequences," but I would not specify things like the bonus, specifically.
I would ask the manager to have a meeting, and I would explain, in detail, just why I disagreed with the feedback. I would be staunch, but not overbearing, and I would try to make a concession of some sort.
I would first try to figure out what the negative feedback was and if it was or wasn't accurate.  If it is accurate, I would accept the consequences.  If it wasn't, I would gather all relevant paperwork and proof and confront my manager about the oversight.  I would calmly but firmly explain to them the mistake and how it might impact me.
I feel that this situation could be resolved by talking to my boss and expressing why I don't agree with the feedback. I would ask how my boss determined the feedback. If my boss agreed to reconsider, there would be a chance of the feedback changing.
I would take some time to review the feedback and any related documents, reports, notes, etc. I would then compare that with my own understanding. If after review I felt I still had a valid argument I would ask to meet with the boss to review my position and discuss why that differs from his and how to remedy it either now, or for the next time.
I would feel a little sad and angry that I failed to meet expectation and it would cost money in the long run. Hopefully I don't fully lose my job and see this as a learning experience for my mistake and prevent myself from making it again in the future.
I would go above his/her head and file a complaint that I did not think the negative feed back was true or had any facts to back it up, I would want an explantion and reason why this was said.
I would try to speak to the manager one-on-one to discuss the feedback more thoroughly. I would express my opinions and seek and constructive criticism that they might offer. I would be frustrated but would see it as a chance to grow.
I would be very frustrated especially if there was no prior knowledge of poor work performance.  If it was a personal problem between manager and myself could consider going to personnel or to boss above the manager.  I would want documentation of why performance is negative.
I would feel upset and ask my manager for specific examples of what I did wrong. I would also present examples of my successes during the year. If possible, I would also gather any positive feedback I received. Hopefully my examples would be enough to change his mind.
I would not be happy about it. I would request a meeting with my manager to discuss my concerns. Hopefully my manager would gladly provided concrete examples of the reasons for negative feedback. If not, I would let it go.
I would feel upset by the situation. However I have a tendency to avoid conflict. Thus I would probably do nothing out of fear of sparking a conflict.
I would not be very happy if this happened to me.  The first thing I would do is request a meeting with my boss to understand acutely what the issue is.  If the negative review is wrong, I would at least like the chance to state my case rather than just accepting it without all the facts presented.
I would let my manager cool down and come back to him later in the day and talk to him about the negative feedback. I would give them my view and what I think.  Explain to him that this can cause me to lose my annual bonus and see if there is anything else I can do to fix this.
I would assess what I know to be true, but also accept the feedback. Regardless of how perfect someone is, there is always room to improve. I would use the feedback to benefit myself by taking the pieces of it that I need.
I would approach my manager and ask for more specific information about the negative feedback so I could express why I thought it was inaccurate. I would hope my manager would have a change of heart. If he proved to me that I had deserved the negative feedback I would ask if there is a way to later be reevaluated before bonus time in hopes I would/could get my bonus. I feel lousy and anxious about the situation.
I would feel very nefative. It's not easy question to answer. Because there is a chance that I'll try to prove that I'm right. However, it depends on situation and mental ability of my manager to accept his mistake. I'm not sure what I'll do.
I would be upset about the situation and replay the situation in my head. I would sleep on the problem over night before addressing concerns to my manager so I do not speak out of context. Instead of reacting with emotion I need to be level headed.
I would ask why they think I performed negatively and then wait to respond at a later time. I need time to digest what I may have done wrong instead of immediately getting defensive. I would also like to know what I could do to improve my performance so that I can make sure that I hold on to my bonus for that year, I would really hate to lose that and would feel like a failure if I did. It's worth it to swallow my pride and accept  wrong doing now.
i would open a conversation about the feedback and how i dont agree with it. it is work and there shouldn't be any issues with speaking on work related issues.
I would tread lightly as this could cause some disadvantages on both the personal and professional aspect. I could ask some opinions from my other colleagues and take some of the feedback to better my performance at work. Then, I could counter offer some input to the manager.
I would be totally upset upon receiving negative, constructive, feedback.  It would probably be a good idea for me to hear the information, take a day or two to think about things, and then come back and reopen the discussion with my manager.  I know I can have an attitude sometimes and I would like some time to collect my thoughts and calm down before speaking again.
i would ask my mananger where he got the information he waas using to confront me with. i hopefully would have a chance to refute it in the politest way possible since i am sure that i have actually done nothing.
I would think about the situation and sleep on it. If after I thought about it, I still believed to be right, I would gingerly approach the subject with my boss. It would depend on her attitude whether I proceeded with my thoughts or not.
I would be very pissed and unhappy with the manager. I wouldhave to say something to him about it and take it to his higher ups if i had too just to make sure i dont lose my bonus. i wouldnt accept that if i knew i did my job right and deserved my bonus. sometimes you have to open your mouth and stand up for yourself. you cant just let your boss do that to you unfairly so i would definatly take it up with the big boss.
I feel very frustrated and defeated. I would set up a meeting to explain the situation to my manager. I would make sure he understood what had happened and would persist until he removed the negative feedback.
I would feel very upset.  I would feel indignant.  I would try and ask the manager for explanation.  I would remain calm and see what they say.
I would feel very frustrated and probably afraid of the consequences, not just about something tangible like losing a bonus, but the hit my reputation would be taking. I would gather as much evidence as I could on the matter. I would then take it to my manager and try and reason with them as to why they should reconsider their feedback. If the matter was pretty serious and I could not get them to listen to me, I would consider the pros and cons of going above their heads.
I would be upset initially, but then I would try to understand my manager came to those negative conclusions. If it stemmed from a miscommunication, then I would try to discuss my perspective with my manager. If it was related to something else, then I would ask my manager what I can do in the future to meet their expectations.
I would probably try talking to another manager or higher up person about it. If it came down to it maybe try reasoning with the manager who gave the bad feedback. I would feel pretty angry about this situation.
I would work on the feedback that was given to me.  Just because I do not agree with it does not mean that I will not be graded on it in performance reviews.  I realize that I do not have perfect insight and sometimes others can see flaws in me that I am not able to see.  I would definitely want to work on it if I was risking my annual bonus.  I believe in putting pride aside and working to better myself in the eyes of others to perfect my flaws.
I would consider talking to my manager. If it is true that the feedback could affect my bonuses and such things, it is a very serious matter. Consequently, if I talk to my manager and perhaps try to figure out what I have done wrong to deserve such feedback, we can come to some sort of agreement. Or my manager will at least realize that I care what he or she has to say.
I would follow the company protocol for disputing the feedback.  Some places have processes in place when you disagree with feedback or evaluations.  I would make sure my position was clearly documented.  I would want to refute the feedback with evidence particularly if a bonus were involved.
I would feel annoyed at this situation.  I would do some research to find the facts to prove my boss wrong.  I would find supporters and fight for what is right for me.
I would request to sit down with my manager and discuss this feedback at length. There's often context to performance and it's entirely possible that he doesn't fully understand the circumstances that led to this allegedly subpar performance. It's also possible that he simply doesn't understand part of my work and has dismissed it as subpar.
I am filled with rage and depression. I go the bar that night complain to total strangers. When I get back in the office in the morning I start surfing the web for new Jobs.
I would feel both hurt and a bit angry. I would first approach my manager calmly and ask to please speak to them in private about why they gave me the evaluation. If I didn't think that they gave me a valid reason then I would set up a time to meet with their supervisor.
I would thank the manager for the feedback and ask for more details, context, etc.  I would provide counter evidence to the manager and request a change.  If the manager would not modify, I would escalate to their manager or HR.  At a minimum I would ensure my version of the facts was kept in the HR records.
I would accept the managers feedback. I would try to correct the problem and go on.
I would take the matter up with HR. Especially if I know this isn't true and the matter is serious. It would depend a lot on my rapport with my supervisor. If they are someone I can talk to and they should know me after a number of years with a company, I would confide in them. Otherwise  it is a matter for HR to assist.
I would initially be upset that I unfairly received negative feedback. I would do some research to see if the feedback was actually justified and take action to fix the items brought to my attention. This would please the manager and show my co-workers I can accept construction feedback.
I would feel terrible about this. I would try to talk with him about it and try to get my annual bonus, if not, I think I would just quit, without announcement or nothing. They deserve to have an empty space for not being nicer with me. I would leave them hanging... just for revange.
I would say I understand his point of view, and work on the issues related to his feedback.  I would mention to him that I would like to review my progress towards his comments on a weekly basis.
I would go in there and ask to speak about it again. I would explain why this situation is not right. I would let him know I work hard and did not do those things that gave me negative feedback.
I would take the feedback in stride.  Even if I don't believe something is true, when it Carries real consequences for me, I treat it very seriously. Feedback should always be taken as a way to improve.
I would tell them I will take there feedback and work on it and ask for any pointers for help
I would feel a bit down. I would speak with my manager so that I can better understand the feedback and also let them know why I disagree
I would type an email with a rebuttle to the feedback, sending it to my boss and his boss. I would give legitimate reasons why I feel the feedback isn't correct, and see about negotiating part of my bonus.
I would feel annoyed and stressed out. First I would talk to my manager about the feedback I received and try to explain why I didn't agree with it and why I didn't believe it was true. I would tell them that the consequences of the negative feedback would have a large impact on my life. If talking to my manager didn't help, I would just suffer the consequences and try to move past it.
I would discuss it with my manager calmly and point out the inaccuracies that I see. If they gave a good rebuttal that I could understand, I would end it there. If they continued to give incorrect information that would result in damage toward me, I would take it to the next management level.
I would respectfully ask him to explain to me what my mistakes were again since I am very confused, I would put all my effort into improving and addressing their criticisms to achieve a good understanding between both
i would feel very discouraged. Sometimes the feedback we get isn't always going to be positive but it will make us correct our mistakes in the long run. I would definitely think about what my manager said and think of ways i could better myself.
I would feel apprehensive about this. I would be worried that I'm being characterized incorrectly. I would want to further discuss the negative feedback with my manager to make sure that they have my view of events. I would possibly also try to get positive feedback from other coworkers to help make my case to my manager.
I would talk it over with my manager and see what changes I can make. Sometimes you have to receive constructive criticism and even if you don't agree just take it as learning lesson. I would also ask about evidence supporting the negative feedback, and if found to be accurate,  apologize and vow to do better.
I will take them as a learning experience. Any feedback no matter positive or negative is acceptable.
I don't like it one bit and will fight it. I will find the proof that I am correct. I keep a big book with our quality work in it, so we know if we are doing it correctly. I would not think twice about telling my supervisor they are wrong and argue that point. But only if I know for a fact I am right.
I would ask for clarification on what they gave me negative feedback on. Then, I would ask for help in improving the problem. If I am still not satisfied and cannot be helped I would like to continue to ask for advice from other people.
I would not argue with my manager about the situation, as doing so might only lead to more negative feedback. Instead, I would do everything I can to show by example that the feedback could not simply be true. Hopefully, this would get my manager to rescind the negative feedback.
I would discuss this feedback with my supervisor. I would State why I think it is wrong with specific examples of why it is wrong
I would feel pretty upset about the situation. I would honestly probably seek the advice of one of my close friends or family members on how to deal with it because I would be really upset. I would approach my boss after and talk to them about why I felt like the feedback was unjustified but also make it clear that I was committed to improving.
i would smile and say thank you for the feedback. i may or may not share my thoughts. i would move on because a job will matter less the more financial independence i create for myself.
I would try to not react to negativity and think about it over in detail. I would then try to go to my manager and have a talk about it again and ask what can I do now immediately to change this feedback. I would voice my concerns of not wanting to possibly lose my annual bonus and show that I want to improve.
I would feel upset about the situation. I would try to talk to my manager about the feedback and let them know that I don't agree. If nothing is accomplished there I would go and talk to the person above him to try to justify the situation.
I would feel poorly and probably unmotivated. I would speak to my manager to understand exactly what actions I took or did not take to deserve this feedback. I would work toward improving this behavior and addressing it in a manner that proves I should not be disciplined as a result of the behavior
I would accept the feedback and move forward. Sometimes work situations are not ideal and not up to you. Your manager ultimately makes the calls and they have authority, the goal should be to meet their expectations, not my own.
I would be unhappy in the moment when I received that feedback, but I would still try to act professionally. I would seek to clarify the feedback with my manager to better understand how they arrived at the erroneous conclusion and to see if there is anything I can do to correct any incorrect perceptions that others have about me.
I would let my manager know why I believe the feedback to be inaccurate, with data to prove this if possible. If he/she is not willing to listen, I would approach HR with the situation. If it is a reputable company, there should be mediation practices in place for these types of situations. it would be unfair for my work to be not be counted fairly.
I would talk to the manager above them. I would tell the higher up manager how I felt about the feedback, and why it wasn't true. I would ask for their help in mitigating the damages.
I would talk to his boss about this. I would feel really upset by this. I take my job seriously and give it my best. I would need to get this fixed.
In would have to ask him for a meeting to discuss with him why he felt that way and hope to change his mind. If I could not change his mind I would discuss the negative consequences his feedback could have for me and I would ask him for another chance. I would try to relate to him in a humanistic approach and hope he would give me a chance to show him I can do better. Constructive criticism could cause me to do better.
I would feel badly about this situation. I would respectfully express my opinions with him. I'd show the evidence that is favorable of my work ethic.
I would feel awful about the situation and it'd really weigh on me. I would ask to speak with my boss again separately. I would explain my reasoning for why that feedback isn't true, and would give him space to consider my logic. I would ask him to reconsider the consequences and give me a second chance, pointing to my otherwise positive track record at work.
I would first gather all the facts for the points I don't agree with, and organize my thoughts.  I would then discuss them with my manager.  If I feel my manager is truly being unfair, I would escalate the issue to my manager's manager, or to HR.  I'm actually in the process of doing this in real life.
I feel that this situation could go very wrong if handled incorrectly. I would go to my boss and ask what I am doing wrong. If it is something that can be fixed, I will fix it. If the feedback is incorrect on how I act, I may take it up with his boss as to make sure no negative repercussions are had by me or my boss.
I would approach my manager and try to clear the air without being hostile.  I would use that feedback and resubmit the work.  Sometimes we just have to take the hit and work in the environment we find ourselves in .
I would tell my boss how I felt. I would explain to my boss why the feedback isn't true. I would be kind and sincere about it.
I would definitely speak up.  It is important to me to know why I received such negative feedback.  It is the only way I can make sure not to  make the same mistakes.
I would go up the chain of command and make my case.  I would back it up with facts, if possible.  I take my annual bonuses serious!
I would have to take a deep breath before responding and try to respond rationally.  I would state that I respectfully disagree and try to enumerate the reasons for my disagreement.  I would also seek out suggestions for improvement and try to steer the conversation to some of my accomplishments.
I would feel terrible. I would probably voice my disagreement and try to be persuasive that I deserve to earn my bonus. I wouldn't be able to do nothing and risk losing my bonus.
I would feel deeply upset and  wronged. I would ask my manager to explain specifically why I received negative feedback, and ask how I could rectify this going forward. I would also try to provide my side, and why I don't feel the negative feedback is justified.
I would talk to the manager and ask the basis for the negative feedback. I would also present my reasoning for the feedback not being true. If the manager and I can't work it out, I would consider going to the manager's boss.
Grrrrr.  OK, so on a scale from 1 -5, 3 being 'meets requirements' I got a 3, therefore my raise is 1%. I asked him and he said it was the way I dressed. I wear white shirt, gray pant suit. I say perhaps you should go shopping with me to pick out clothes. I asked him what do I have on now that  bothers him. He says, "You can lose the purple socks." I reply I supposed you prefer me to have white underwear?  He says "yes", I lost that round. Didn't get better than a 3 (IBM 1989)
I would feel disappointed and upset at the negative feedback. I would feel it wasn't justified. I would want to rectify the situation any way I could. I would complain to someone in authority before any real consequences would happen.
I would feel very bad and angry in this situation. I would try to talk with my manager. I would explain my side of the story and see if that would change their mind. If that doesn't work I would try to go above them to get it resolved.
Though upset, I need to understand that this is criticism. Since I truly feel that it isn't true, I would have a meeting with my boss and see if he/she would allow me to plead my case. If my boss doesn't agree, then I will accept that I may not receive an annual bonus; however, if he does agree, then I will continue to improve and ask if he can give me feedback before it affects me financially.
I would respond via email, possibly cc'ing my managers superior with a counterpoint to every negative feedback item and request a time for all of us to meet.
I would try to justify my actions and reasons. If that doesn't seem to work, then I will own responsibility and ask what I can do to improve and see it will change things in the future.
I would ask my supervisor to explain in more detail, about the negative feedback.  I would explain to them how this negative feedback could have severe consequences for myself.  I would ask if, this were true, what I could do to improve myself or improve the situation.  I would do anything I could to not argue but to see if as constructive criticism, of which I could strive to do better.
I would feel awful about this situation. I have been -in reality- throughout my career, in this situation a number of times. What I would do is try -not- to take things too personally, sit down and calmly discuss with my boss. I would ask for examples, data, statistics, feedback from other clients and colleagues. Then I would ask my boss what I could do to maintain my good rating and annual bonus.
I would discuss openly and honestly with my manager that I do not believe this feedback is true. I would provide examples that contradict the feedback. I would feel very angry and upset and eager to set things straight.
I would feel frustrated. I can't change what doesn't seem to be a problem to me. I would probably ask around, to see if others have noticed this thing I am doing wrong. While I feel I am in the right, it is worth gathering more information and re-evaluating. This is especially true if the feedback could cost me, as noted.
Would head back to my work area and try and write down everything that my manager just told me.  Would make a bullet list of the hard facts that they gave me regarding my work.  Then I would do some investigating to determine if the data he gave me actually lines up with the work that I have produced. Would not waste time on being angry, would turn that emotion into working to determine if I had a valid problem or not.  If I could prove from my data that the feedback they gave me was wrong, would document it in written and provide a copy to my manager as well as their manager and human resources.
I would speak with my human resources managers and line manager to discuss with my immediate boss about the negative evaluation because I try hard to do a great job and in this way be worthy of all my bonuses
I WOULD FIND OUT HOW I COULD INCREASE MY FEEDBACK TO POSITIVE FOR THE TIME AROUND. I WOULD ASK HOW COULD I IMPROVE MY WORK PERFORMANCE.  I WOULD FROM THAT POINT FORWARD WORK EXTREMELY HARD TO GET POSITIVE REMARKS FROM MANAGER.
I would take the feedback to my manager's supervisor, or even to HR to dispute it and prove however I could that the feedback is not accurate. I would do this because it's important to be your own biggest supporter and if I don't do it, who will?
I would want to talk to them in person and see why they gave me the rating that they did. I would also bring in their boss as part of the meeting if possible in a second meeting if the outcome is not what I was wanting.
I would follow the feedback and try to change my work to follow the feedback since it has real-world consequences. While I personally feel the feedback might not be true since there is a possibility of me losing my annual bonus I could lose money by not following the feedback. If I have the feedback in mind while I doing my work the overall quality of my work might also increase which means maybe in the future I could get a promotion or larger bonuses. Also, the ability to adapt is good for any future job I have so this could be a good learning experience for me.
I would try to get other people to corroborate my side of the story - if they thought I wasn't doing something, I would provide proof from people I worked with on projects.
I would be hurt and angry. I would set up a meeting with the boss that is over him and explain the situation and tell him how unfair he is being and that I don't agree with the decision.
I would be very upset. I would probably need to wait to talk to someone about it after I had calmed down. I would want to think through the situation and decide what my options are before I address the issue.
I would feel angry and anxious. I would reflect on what the manager says. If I still find it to be untrue I would talk to them about it to see if it could be changed. I might ask for extra feedback from other co-workers. I would try to see if I could fix it before the bonus is handed out.
I would try to convince my supervisor that the feedback may be inaccurate in certain areas by providing hard data as best I can. If the supervisor is still unwilling to amend the feedback, I would raise my concerns with the next level supervisor.
If it is a facet of my job that I take the most pride in, or that I really focus and strive towards on a daily basis, I would definitely be having a meeting to discuss. I would gather up my evidence of my hard work and dedication to whatever the issue is and present it in a way that I feel it is being undervalued. I am always open to criticism, however, and after my presentation and opportunity to share is over I would like to hear ways they could help me improve based on what they heard. It always helps to improve but I will not take it laying down if I feel my integrity is at stake.
I would make the corrections regardless of how I felt and keep a backup copy of the old work in case the work was thought to be insufficient. I don't feel as if my pride is worth keeping over my annual bonus. It could also create rifts within a team environment in the work place. It is much better to keep my manager happy.
I feel awful. I would go to the next higher up and explain to him/her what is going on to see if I could gain some understanding.
I would find the true purpose of the feedback.  If I can do something positive to change the negativity I would do so.  I have no feelings when it comes to business.
I would sit down and have a conversation with my boss. I would tell them I don't agree with their evaluation and that it's going to significantly impact my compensation. I'd ask if we could sit down and talk about why they thought that way and see if we could come to some sort of understanding where I can grasp what I was doing wrong and maybe it wouldn't impact my job so hard.
I would definetely complain and ask why they felt that way. I would argue my case and try to explain my side, since this affects my bonus. If it didn't affect my bonus, I may just let it slide.
I would explain that although I disagree with the criticism I would take it in consideration. I would evaluate the feedback to see if there is any necessary changes that I needed to make. My employment at the company is very important because this is how I provide for my family, so therefore I would view the feedback as a positive and not view it as negative.
I would be pretty upset about it. I would go to my boss and try to calmly ask for more information about why they felt the way they did and see if I can't correct the issue before it becomes a problem later on.
I would look more deeply into how this happened. Then, I would try to explain myself. I would make it a point to try and make my manager understand.
I would take some time to think about it rationally, rather than emotionally. I would wait until the next day and request a private meeting with my boss to state my concerns. I'd gather any information that may help my case. It would be my number one priority and I wouldn't feel happy if he manager doesn't hear me out.
I would talk to my boss.  I would ask why the boss felt that way.  I would ask what I could do to make up for it.
I would request a time to meet with my manager to discuss the feedback.  I would tell the manager my point of view and also listen to the reasoning on why I was given a low score.  I would provide evidence and proof as to why my feedback should not be as low as I was given.  I would try to win back the favor of the manager.
I hate bad feedback without justification and clarification fo what I did wrong. I would request to sit down with my boss and hash it out. I want a good reason why I am being negatively graded
I would take what my manager said to heart and ask my coworkers if they felt the same way about me. I would try my best to change in the desired direction to improve my next feedback. I would feel like I improperly judged my own performance at work and would feel guilty that I wasn't being my best. I would keep the feedback in the back of my mind to try to improve myself.
It depends - I would appeal to the boss one rung up the ladder above her, ask why this is a negative thing. On top of that, I would probably change my work behavior/habits to avoid this feedback. They're mad about my feedback for a reason, and it's worth finding out.
I would politely ask my manager to elaborate on their statements. I would use this as a chance to share my own insights in a positive way. My hope would be that I could explain my side without being forceful and eventually soften their position on the topic.
I would make sure that I told what I saw happened. I would make sure that people would understand what really happened. Then I would ask what I could do in the future to change the stuff.
I had this happen to me in this situation and I cried about it. It really crushed me and made me bitter at my job. I was not happy at all afterwards. It was horrible.
I would probably be upset and call one of my friends to complain about the feedback and have them stay on my side. I would suck it up and deal with their feedback even if I don't agree with it. I generally don't make a big fuss about stuff even if it doesn't go my way.
I would discuss it with my manager. I might be able to find out the reason behind it and come to an understanding. If that fails, I'd just take one on the chin, because there's not much you can do.
I would be upset by this. I would feel the negative feedback was not correct, and I would talk to my manager about this. I would not want it on my record.
I would be angry. I would also second guess my performance even though the evaluation was based on incorrect information. I would try to explain what I thought was wrong.
I would request a meeting with this manager and his superior. I would try to find any coworkers who may have information or insight into the matter. I would bring these coworkers and any witnesses with me to the meeting where I would plead my case to the manager as well as his superior in order to avoid consequences for something I did not do.
I would be very angry. I would send a letter to my boss's boss, with a copy of his criticism, and MY response to each point of criticism ("Just for the record..."), and then counter each complaint with my own defense.
I would go over their head. I would find whoever was over them and go complain. I would make my case with them.
I would refuse to sign anything. I would document everything. I would go above my manager if I needed too.
I would continue to do my best at my job. I can't worry about what others think. I just need to do the best job I can do.
I would feel really defensive about it. I would confront my manager and tell them my side of the story. Before I did that though I would try to be calm and think about what I am going to say instead of just blowing up my anger. It is definitely worth speaking up for if it involves possibly losing my annual bonus.
I am concerned that I am not being evaluated fairly. As a result I would request the feedback in writing and then work to disprove it. Lastly, I would consider finding a new job.
I would feel upset. I would probably argue a little bit, in the sense that I would ask for evidence of the feedback. I would ask my manager to explain in more detail why they feel that way. If they mention something incorrect (for example, wrongly thinking I hadn't submitted a project on time), I would correct them, and that would hopefully lessen the negative feedback.
I would try to talk to my manager one on one and try to explain to him what possible could have happened and that it could have been a misunderstanding.  I would feel terrible if I found out I had negative feedback and would try to correct it if I did something wrong.  If I strongly feel I did nothing wrong and my manager won't budge, I would get in contact with HR to find out what I did wrong since this carries a heavy consequence.
I would feel dejected. I would talk to my manager about the feedback. I would present my argument. I might change jobs.
I would feel really stressed and largely powerless.  I would want to speak to my manager in more detail about the feedback since I do not believe it is true.  It would not be fair for me to be penalized for misplaced negative feedback.  If I cannot speak further about this with my boss, I would probably turn to one of my most trusted coworkers to grumble and complain about the situation.
I would be highly inclined to schedule a time with the manager to discuss what they perceive the problem to be, and to find out if he/she had been given some erroneous information that did not actually apply to me. I would feel quite tense and anxious, but I would make every attempt possible to find a way to rectify the situation.
I would be angry, but try to keep calm. I would immediately schedule a one on one meeting with my boss to talk things over. I would bring all the data and files and evidence I had to back up my story, and present it to them at the meeting, with the hopes of getting them to realize the truth.
I would feel upset and probably be confused by the dichotomy in how we view my performance. I would probably ask for specific examples regarding his feedback, and show genuine interest in trying to understand his point of view. Though I would be nervous, I would try to figure out where the gaps in my work were and understand why he views it negatively, and if it were a complete lie I would give examples of how what I did is appropriate and correct for the workplace.
I would ask my manager for an additional meeting so I could plead my case. Before the meeting, I would gather whatever evidence I have that proves the negative feedback wrong. If that isn't possible, I would speak to my manager's manager, who also oversees our team, and I would explain the situation and my concern to her. If none of that is possible, I would do my absolute best work in the months coming up to try to make up for the feedback.
This is actually pretty close to my current situation at work; an unpredictable, subjective supervisor who often cites metrics that are not really accurate, or reasons for the metrics that are not accurate reflections of reality. I have learned a two-pronged approach: I document everything I can numerically and subjectively (e.g., a testimonial or email citing good work); and I sometimes just go with the flow, not trying to disprove something if instead I can demonstrate progress elsewhere. That said, if this scenario happened I'd be plenty upset. Depending on the severity of the feedback, I would probably discuss it with out second in command and I might have to take it up with our board. That would be a last resort.
I would feel very upset and frustrated.  I would try and take some time to look at the situation and really think about what happened.  I would then ask if my manager were available to discuss the situation more, but after giving myself sometime to reflect on it.  I may also reach out to someone I trust to see if they have any advice on how to handle the situation from an outside point of view.
I would feel injustice in this situation, and address my concerns with the manager. If the manager was not open to my concerns, I would weigh the costs and benefits of taking my concerns up the chain of command. Doing this could potentially put me in a worse situation with the manager.
I would try to speak to my manager about the issue at hand. If I feel the manager's response was not to my liking then I would go to his manager. Everyone has a boss and I feel I would do whatever I can to make sure this situation is resolved in my favor.
I would feel rather upset about this feedback. My first action would be to reevaluate the work myself to see if in fact the feedback might be justified. If this is not the case, I would go and talk to my manager and see if I might not be able to improve the situation and the managers opinion of me.
I would act like it is no big deal, and forget about it. instead i would try to do a lot better, and have everyone who is important and accessible to notice my efforts. in that way, it will be obvious that the manager's assessment was in correct.
I would explain to my manager why he was wrong. I would also try my best to show him that it just isn't true and show that I'm willing to change his opinion. I think the best thing I could do is show through action that he is wrong.
I would feel very frustrated and possibly slighted. I would tell my manager my feelings on the feedback and let them know why it is so important to me and why I disagree. If they do not see my point of view or continue to disagree, I would have to speak to the person above my manager at the company to get their input, but not without informing my manager of that plan. If this was a reoccuring situation with that employer then the company that I am working at may not be a good fit and I would likely consider other options.
Stop for a while, try to find the best arguments to justify why I think my boss is wrong. Then, schedule an appointment to see how can we address this issue.
I would talk to my manager. Tell them my point of view and why I think they are wrong will still being courteous and professional. I am positive I can sway their view.
I would set up a meeting with my manager and talk about it. if it's something that I have evidence that I can support then I would bring that up. if my colleagues know the way that I worked and can also support me, then I would probably ask one of them to speak on my behalf as well.
After being stubborn for a bit about the negative feedback, I would probably buckle up and realize that I can't let my arrogance get in the way of the money I try to earn here. After taking some time off, whether that's just using my free time I get after work or actually taking a day or two off, I would contemplate my feelings and try to come back to work with a new attitude and understanding of the situation that I'm in. As I'm going through trying out new things to help the situation, I would then on the daily, seek feedback from my manager to see if there are any noticeable positive differences that he can see coming from how I do things.
I would be very unhappy about that.  I would try to find some data or evidence to support my perspective and try to use it to convince my manager.  If that did not work, I would go over there head in an attempt to clear up the issue in my favor.  Should that not work, I would look for jobs.
I would fight for myself and ask for a better explanation so I could understand how my manager came to the conclusions he or she did. I would really try to understand and take the advice to heart, but I admit, I would be offended.  But if my bonus was at stake, I would just fight for what I can and take my licks when I have to.
I would talk to my manager. I would ask them to be specific about their feedback. Whether i agree with the feedback or not, i would tell them that i will work on myself to improve in whatever area of my work self is needed. Any feedback is important feedback.
I definitely would not be happy about this situation, but I would keep a level head. I would humbly and honestly explain to my boss why I don't agree with the feedback offering examples why. In addition, I would recount positive contributions I have made during my tenure at our company. I would listen to anything my boss has to say, and offer to correct whatever missteps she/he thinks I have made.
I would politely try to explain to him why he is wrong. If I can't, I have no choice , but to agree with him so I can stay on decent terms. The last thing I want to do is to get fired and lose my job.
I would ask for more clarification about the information. I would organize a meeting with the manager to go over my performance and analyze my work. I would then ask about how I could improve and what would need to be done improve overall department positive feedback.
Well, if i disagreed with the feedback, I would definitely challenge it in the most professional way possible. I might eventually just give in if my boss doesn't budge on it. But I would try and provide some examples of things I've done that contradict what is being said. Honestly, if the negative consequences of untrue feedback were pretty significant, I'd be looking for another job.
I would ask my manager for a meeting to discuss the feedback.  I would like more clarification if it is truly negative.  I would also like an opportunity to share my point of view and see if I could change my managers opinion.
I would go to the union steward.  The manager is just trying to save money to his benefit.  I suspect the union could give me some help with that.
I would speak to my manager and ask them what behavior they witnessed to provide such negative feedback. I would also ask if they could provide specific examples of incidents, as well as suggestions as to how I could improve upon the issues. I would also ask them for regular follow-ups to ensure that the issues were being handled in an appropriate manner.
I would go to my desk and sit and go over in my mind exactly what the manager said when he was giving the feedback.  I would replay the situation to see how he came to his conclusion.  This would make me extremely angry which is not a good position to take on a discussion.  I would then make an appointment with the manager and reasonably and calmly ask why he thought my performance was inadequate and try to sell my case on a positive note.  If after my self reflection I realize he was correct in his negative feedback, I would still go back to my manager and talk with him with a pledge to improve.
I would have a discussion about my work performance and tell them why I disagree with their feedback by providing examples and accomplishments from the prior year.
I would set up a meeting with my manager and HR to discuss my perspective and why I don't think the negative feedback portrays my work. I have had to do this in the past so I would be comfortable sharing my viewpoint. I would share specific accomplishments I've completed and argue each of my manager's feedback points.
I would feel extremely bad and frustrated because I don't think the manager is being fair with me. I would try to convince the manager to revise again to see if he changes his feedback. But if he doesn't and it affects me, my relationship with that person would change.
I would talk to him. All these questions can pretty much be aswered with talk or communicate. I tell him thats not right. I show him its not right. Problem solved i think . He would see his error.
First I would talk to the direct supervisor about it myself and be sure to have evidence or examples to support my point of view. I would also maybe try to talk to any other co-workers involved to get a third perspective. If none of that worked I would write a formal letter to his superior to request a meeting with all parties involved to explain the situation.
I would feel pretty upset.  If there is a way to prove I am correct, I would seek out that proof so I can clear my name.  If that doesn't work, I may ask him for evidence of whater he is saying is negative.  If that doesn't work, I may appeal to a higher supervisor.
I would regrettably, and silently comply to the best of my ability. I would realistically vent to a colleague about the events. Losing my bonus is worse than my pride
I would be upset with the feedback. As I believe it is untrue, I would ask for specific examples of the poor performance in order to sway the decision. If it turns out to be true I would accept it and improve my future performance.
Although constructive criticism is good, negative feedback, without advice about how to improve, is ineffective and unprofessional. This type of feedback would make me feel terrible, especially if I believed the feedback was not true.  I would address my manager and ask them if they could give more specific details about what I had done wrong and how to fix it.
I would find a time to sit down with my manager and fully unpack the negative feedback, since I would feel very stressed out by this situation. I would ask them where the feedback is coming from, and how they drew these conclusions about my work. If I felt like it was especially unfair feedback that didn't reflect my work, I might also explore opportunities for other jobs, since my manager doesn't seem to be supporting me well.
I would try to figure out where the feedback is coming from and see if we could come to an agreement. I would try to determine if there is anything I could do to remedy the situation. If neither of those things worked, I'd seek advice from an outside source or possibly upper management.
I would probably keep quiet about the negative feedback, and consider the benefits of reporting my disagreement to a superior. If the costs outweigh the potential loss of my bonus, then I wouldn't do it. Ultimately, it's sometimes better to keep quiet for one's interest.
I would be very upset, but rather than argue the point right there I would ask to setup a meeting - for the next day or later that week. That would give me time to think about the feedback, see if there is anything accurate in it, formulate points against anything I disagree with, and get data/evidence/supporting points for my point of view. If the meeting didn't go well, and I was still certain the manager was wrong, I would think about why they might have said it (bias against me, favoring another employee, bad info from a bad employee, etc.) and if necessary tell the manager I was going to speak with the next level up.
I would schedule a one-on-one meeting with my supervisor to discuss the review. I would ask for specific points and for clarification. Then we would create a plan to help me improve my performance for future reviews.
I would be annoyed with the feedback but I would just accept it and move on. I would look deeper into the feedback and see if there was some truth to it and maybe I am just not seeing it from my point of view. I would possibly even ask to set up a meeting with my manager to see if he or she could give me some help with the problems that were brought up and let it be known that I am trying to do my best. After that I would put that advice to work and do what I could to improve in the areas I received feedback in.
I would ask my manager how they would like for me to do things in the future. I would then stick to his instructions to the letter, and be diligent about documenting my work. I would not be happy about the situation, but I would realize that I need to cover myself.
I would feel really bad about the feedback especially if I believe it isn't true coz it is not reflective of my work and my efforts. Since it could carry real consequences, it would make me mad.  I know I work hard and deserve better than that. I would try and reason with him and talk to him about why I feel that it is unfair.
I would request a subsequent meeting with my manager and ask for further explanation of the feedback. I would expect them to have specific details about how and why I received a negative review, and I'd want to know what they thought should be done differently. I believe further conversation might help clear any hard feelings, show that I am listening to their feedback, and result in an overall healthier working relationship.
I would accept the feedback and apologize. I would ask about what steps I need to take. I would try to appear accepting of criticism so that I can minimize the likelihood of economic impact.
I would feel comfortable enough to address the issue with the boss because there's a developed friendship there. I would hope to be given a reasonable explanation from the manager and then state my case as to why I beg to differ from the manager's viewpoint. After all, getting my potential bonus back would be my motivation.
I would work for a while to see if I notice any of the things that they said about me. If I did, I would work to change it, and if I did not, I would meet with them again to discuss it. I would be sure to be polite because I would not want any negative impacts.
I would approach my manager. I would do this because I would like to have a clear understanding of his/her feedback and what was the thought process or rationale behind the feedback.
I would be upset about the feedback. I would take time to collect my thoughts before speaking with my manager and possibly hear if other coworkers received unpleasant feedback. I would then speak to my manager. I would first start out by asking why I received the feedback and then I would express the reasons why I felt I deserved differently.
I would refute the allegations as well as pin down where i was lacking.I would also speak to HR and understand rights.Lastly i would probably look for a plan B in terms of enemployemt,
I would feel upset and betrayed. However, I would put my head down and work on the growth areas and improve. I would focus on minimizing losses in order to keep my job.
I'd probably ask for a meeting with my boss and explain my side of the story. I would do my best to support (with facts and examples) of why the negative feedback didn't necessarily apply, and counter. I'd also explain to my boss that I don't want my reputation tarnished, and ask that they re-consider my evaluation.
I would talk to my boss.  I would try to correct what they feel is wrong.  I would try harder so I don’t lose my bonus.
I would reflect on myself. I would question why my manager feels the way I feel. From there I'd understand their point of view and take their advice.
I would take the time to let it settle in before I respond the wrong way to my boss without thinking it through. That night I would brainstorm a list of why this information is not true.  I would then set up a appointment to go over the situation and my defense with my boss at a later date.
I would discuss it at length with my manager, and get his or her reasoning as to why I got the negative feedback. If i believe he was accurate I would ask if there is anyway to remedy it as to not lose my bonus. If I didn't agree, I'd plead my case, and if he or she wouldn't listen, I would take it up to a manager above them.
I would be very upset and worried. I would ask that my review be reevaluated and explain my reasoning. I would attempt to make this right by showing the reasons that the feedback isn't accurate.
I would discuss the situation with my manager. I would ask my manager what I can do to improve so I will not lose my annual bonus. And not to take the situation too personal.
I would bring the issue up to higher management. I assume that my manager won't be cooperative at this stage. I also going to ask my coworker to testify if needed.
I would speak with him and express my discontent. I then would explain all the reasons why I feel that way and what I have done to better benefit the company. I would acknowledge any true feedback and take it to heart. But I would still fight for myself.
I would challenge the manager. I believe I shouldn't receive feedback that is untrue. Any consequences from dishonesty would be made sure to be corrected.
I would go to my manager and talk to them about how I feel. Hopefully, we could come to a common understanding. I would not want negative feedback that isn't true to get in the way of my career. It would be difficult to stand up for myself but I would have no choice.
